Start of 'THIRDPARTYLICENSES' generated by Python third_party_license_generator at 2026-05-03 14:34:28.816142

----------------------------------------

Package: aiohappyeyeballs
License: Python-2.0
Requires: n/a
Author: J. Nick Koston <nick@koston.org>
Home page: None

A. HISTORY OF THE SOFTWARE
==========================

Python was created in the early 1990s by Guido van Rossum at Stichting
Mathematisch Centrum (CWI, see https://www.cwi.nl) in the Netherlands
as a successor of a language called ABC.  Guido remains Python's
principal author, although it includes many contributions from others.

In 1995, Guido continued his work on Python at the Corporation for
National Research Initiatives (CNRI, see https://www.cnri.reston.va.us)
in Reston, Virginia where he released several versions of the
software.

In May 2000, Guido and the Python core development team moved to
BeOpen.com to form the BeOpen PythonLabs team.  In October of the same
year, the PythonLabs team moved to Digital Creations, which became
Zope Corporation.  In 2001, the Python Software Foundation (PSF, see
https://www.python.org/psf/) was formed, a non-profit organization
created specifically to own Python-related Intellectual Property.
Zope Corporation was a sponsoring member of the PSF.

All Python releases are Open Source (see https://opensource.org for
the Open Source Definition).  Historically, most, but not all, Python
releases have also been GPL-compatible; the table below summarizes
the various releases.

    Release         Derived     Year        Owner       GPL-
                    from                                compatible? (1)

    0.9.0 thru 1.2              1991-1995   CWI         yes
    1.3 thru 1.5.2  1.2         1995-1999   CNRI        yes
    1.6             1.5.2       2000        CNRI        no
    2.0             1.6         2000        BeOpen.com  no
    1.6.1           1.6         2001        CNRI        yes (2)
    2.1             2.0+1.6.1   2001        PSF         no
    2.0.1           2.0+1.6.1   2001        PSF         yes
    2.1.1           2.1+2.0.1   2001        PSF         yes
    2.1.2           2.1.1       2002        PSF         yes
    2.1.3           2.1.2       2002        PSF         yes
    2.2 and above   2.1.1       2001-now    PSF         yes

Footnotes:

(1) GPL-compatible doesn't mean that we're distributing Python under
    the GPL.  All Python licenses, unlike the GPL, let you distribute
    a modified version without making your changes open source.  The
    GPL-compatible licenses make it possible to combine Python with
    other software that is released under the GPL; the others don't.

(2) According to Richard Stallman, 1.6.1 is not GPL-compatible,
    because its license has a choice of law clause.  According to
    CNRI, however, Stallman's lawyer has told CNRI's lawyer that 1.6.1
    is "not incompatible" with the GPL.

Thanks to the many outside volunteers who have worked under Guido's
direction to make these releases possible.


B. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ACCESSING OR OTHERWISE USING PYTHON
===============================================================

Python software and documentation are licensed under the
Python Software Foundation License Version 2.

Starting with Python 3.8.6, examples, recipes, and other code in
the documentation are dual licensed under the PSF License Version 2
and the Zero-Clause BSD license.

Some software incorporated into Python is under different licenses.
The licenses are listed with code falling under that license.


PYTHON SOFTWARE FOUNDATION LICENSE VERSION 2
--------------------------------------------

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between the Python Software Foundation
("PSF"), and the Individual or Organization ("Licensee") accessing and
otherwise using this software ("Python") in source or binary form and
its associated documentation.

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, PSF hereby
grants Licensee a nonexclusive, royalty-free, world-wide license to reproduce,
analyze, test, perform and/or display publicly, prepare derivative works,
distribute, and otherwise use Python alone or in any derivative version,
provided, however, that PSF's License Agreement and PSF's notice of copyright,
i.e., "Copyright (c) 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010,
2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023 Python Software Foundation;
All Rights Reserved" are retained in Python alone or in any derivative version
prepared by Licensee.

3. In the event Licensee prepares a derivative work that is based on
or incorporates Python or any part thereof, and wants to make
the derivative work available to others as provided herein, then
Licensee hereby agrees to include in any such work a brief summary of
the changes made to Python.

4. PSF is making Python available to Licensee on an "AS IS"
basis.  PSF MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED.  BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, PSF MAKES NO AND
DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF PYTHON WILL NOT
INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

5. PSF SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF PYTHON
FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS AS
A RESULT OF MODIFYING, DISTRIBUTING, OR OTHERWISE USING PYTHON,
OR ANY DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

6. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material
breach of its terms and conditions.

7. Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to create any
relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture between PSF and
Licensee.  This License Agreement does not grant permission to use PSF
trademarks or trade name in a trademark sense to endorse or promote
products or services of Licensee, or any third party.

8. By copying, installing or otherwise using Python, Licensee
agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License
Agreement.


BEOPEN.COM LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR PYTHON 2.0
-------------------------------------------

BEOPEN PYTHON OPEN SOURCE LICENSE AGREEMENT VERSION 1

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between BeOpen.com ("BeOpen"), having an
office at 160 Saratoga Avenue, Santa Clara, CA 95051, and the
Individual or Organization ("Licensee") accessing and otherwise using
this software in source or binary form and its associated
documentation ("the Software").

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this BeOpen Python License
Agreement, BeOpen hereby grants Licensee a non-exclusive,
royalty-free, world-wide license to reproduce, analyze, test, perform
and/or display publicly, prepare derivative works, distribute, and
otherwise use the Software alone or in any derivative version,
provided, however, that the BeOpen Python License is retained in the
Software, alone or in any derivative version prepared by Licensee.

3. BeOpen is making the Software available to Licensee on an "AS IS"
basis.  BEOPEN MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED.  BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, BEOPEN MAKES NO AND
DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE WILL NOT
INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

4. BEOPEN SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF THE
SOFTWARE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS
AS A RESULT OF USING, MODIFYING OR DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE, OR ANY
DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

5. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material
breach of its terms and conditions.

6. This License Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in all
respects by the law of the State of California, excluding conflict of
law provisions.  Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to
create any relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture
between BeOpen and Licensee.  This License Agreement does not grant
permission to use BeOpen trademarks or trade names in a trademark
sense to endorse or promote products or services of Licensee, or any
third party.  As an exception, the "BeOpen Python" logos available at
http://www.pythonlabs.com/logos.html may be used according to the
permissions granted on that web page.

7. By copying, installing or otherwise using the software, Licensee
agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License
Agreement.


CNRI LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR PYTHON 1.6.1
---------------------------------------

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between the Corporation for National
Research Initiatives, having an office at 1895 Preston White Drive,
Reston, VA 20191 ("CNRI"), and the Individual or Organization
("Licensee") accessing and otherwise using Python 1.6.1 software in
source or binary form and its associated documentation.

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, CNRI
hereby grants Licensee a nonexclusive, royalty-free, world-wide
license to reproduce, analyze, test, perform and/or display publicly,
prepare derivative works, distribute, and otherwise use Python 1.6.1
alone or in any derivative version, provided, however, that CNRI's
License Agreement and CNRI's notice of copyright, i.e., "Copyright (c)
1995-2001 Corporation for National Research Initiatives; All Rights
Reserved" are retained in Python 1.6.1 alone or in any derivative
version prepared by Licensee.  Alternately, in lieu of CNRI's License
Agreement, Licensee may substitute the following text (omitting the
quotes): "Python 1.6.1 is made available subject to the terms and
conditions in CNRI's License Agreement.  This Agreement together with
Python 1.6.1 may be located on the internet using the following
unique, persistent identifier (known as a handle): 1895.22/1013.  This
Agreement may also be obtained from a proxy server on the internet
using the following URL: http://hdl.handle.net/1895.22/1013".

3. In the event Licensee prepares a derivative work that is based on
or incorporates Python 1.6.1 or any part thereof, and wants to make
the derivative work available to others as provided herein, then
Licensee hereby agrees to include in any such work a brief summary of
the changes made to Python 1.6.1.

4. CNRI is making Python 1.6.1 available to Licensee on an "AS IS"
basis.  CNRI MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED.  BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, CNRI MAKES NO AND
DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF PYTHON 1.6.1 WILL NOT
INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

5. CNRI SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF PYTHON
1.6.1 FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS AS
A RESULT OF MODIFYING, DISTRIBUTING, OR OTHERWISE USING PYTHON 1.6.1,
OR ANY DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

6. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material
breach of its terms and conditions.

7. This License Agreement shall be governed by the federal
intellectual property law of the United States, including without
limitation the federal copyright law, and, to the extent such
U.S. federal law does not apply, by the law of the Commonwealth of
Virginia, excluding Virginia's conflict of law provisions.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, with regard to derivative works based
on Python 1.6.1 that incorporate non-separable material that was
previously distributed under the GNU General Public License (GPL), the
law of the Commonwealth of Virginia shall govern this License
Agreement only as to issues arising under or with respect to
Paragraphs 4, 5, and 7 of this License Agreement.  Nothing in this
License Agreement shall be deemed to create any relationship of
agency, partnership, or joint venture between CNRI and Licensee.  This
License Agreement does not grant permission to use CNRI trademarks or
trade name in a trademark sense to endorse or promote products or
services of Licensee, or any third party.

8. By clicking on the "ACCEPT" button where indicated, or by copying,
installing or otherwise using Python 1.6.1, Licensee agrees to be
bound by the terms and conditions of this License Agreement.

        ACCEPT


CWI LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR PYTHON 0.9.0 THROUGH 1.2
--------------------------------------------------

Copyright (c) 1991 - 1995, Stichting Mathematisch Centrum Amsterdam,
The Netherlands.  All rights reserved.

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
supporting documentation, and that the name of Stichting Mathematisch
Centrum or CWI not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to
distribution of the software without specific, written prior
permission.

STICHTING MATHEMATISCH CENTRUM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO
THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL STICHTING MATHEMATISCH CENTRUM BE LIABLE
FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

ZERO-CLAUSE BSD LICENSE FOR CODE IN THE PYTHON DOCUMENTATION
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH
REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT,
INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM
LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

----------------------------------------

Package: aiohttp
License: Apache-2.0
Requires: aiohappyeyeballs, aiosignal, attrs, frozenlist, multidict, propcache, yarl
Author: None
Home page: https://github.com/aio-libs/aiohttp

   Copyright aio-libs contributors.

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

----------------------------------------

Package: aiosignal
License: Apache-2.0
Requires: frozenlist
Author: None
Home page: https://github.com/aio-libs/aiosignal

Apache License
                           Version 2.0, January 2004
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/

   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

   1. Definitions.

      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.

      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
      exercising permissions granted by this License.

      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation
      source, and configuration files.

      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
      and conversions to other media types.

      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.

   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
      as of the date such litigation is filed.

   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
      meet the following conditions:

      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
          stating that You changed the files; and

      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
          the Derivative Works; and

      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
          as modifying the License.

      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
      the conditions stated in this License.

   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "{}"
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
      identification within third-party archives.

   Copyright 2013-2019 Nikolay Kim and Andrew Svetlov

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

----------------------------------------

Package: aiostream
License: GPL-3.0
Requires: typing-extensions
Author: (unknown) <Vincent Michel <vxgmichel@gmail.com>>
Home page: https://github.com/vxgmichel/aiostream

GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
                       Version 3, 29 June 2007

 Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc. <http://fsf.org/>
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

                            Preamble

  The GNU General Public License is a free, copyleft license for
software and other kinds of works.

  The licenses for most software and other practical works are designed
to take away your freedom to share and change the works.  By contrast,
the GNU General Public License is intended to guarantee your freedom to
share and change all versions of a program--to make sure it remains free
software for all its users.  We, the Free Software Foundation, use the
GNU General Public License for most of our software; it applies also to
any other work released this way by its authors.  You can apply it to
your programs, too.

  When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not
price.  Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you
have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for
them if you wish), that you receive source code or can get it if you
want it, that you can change the software or use pieces of it in new
free programs, and that you know you can do these things.

  To protect your rights, we need to prevent others from denying you
these rights or asking you to surrender the rights.  Therefore, you have
certain responsibilities if you distribute copies of the software, or if
you modify it: responsibilities to respect the freedom of others.

  For example, if you distribute copies of such a program, whether
gratis or for a fee, you must pass on to the recipients the same
freedoms that you received.  You must make sure that they, too, receive
or can get the source code.  And you must show them these terms so they
know their rights.

  Developers that use the GNU GPL protect your rights with two steps:
(1) assert copyright on the software, and (2) offer you this License
giving you legal permission to copy, distribute and/or modify it.

  For the developers' and authors' protection, the GPL clearly explains
that there is no warranty for this free software.  For both users' and
authors' sake, the GPL requires that modified versions be marked as
changed, so that their problems will not be attributed erroneously to
authors of previous versions.

  Some devices are designed to deny users access to install or run
modified versions of the software inside them, although the manufacturer
can do so.  This is fundamentally incompatible with the aim of
protecting users' freedom to change the software.  The systematic
pattern of such abuse occurs in the area of products for individuals to
use, which is precisely where it is most unacceptable.  Therefore, we
have designed this version of the GPL to prohibit the practice for those
products.  If such problems arise substantially in other domains, we
stand ready to extend this provision to those domains in future versions
of the GPL, as needed to protect the freedom of users.

  Finally, every program is threatened constantly by software patents.
States should not allow patents to restrict development and use of
software on general-purpose computers, but in those that do, we wish to
avoid the special danger that patents applied to a free program could
make it effectively proprietary.  To prevent this, the GPL assures that
patents cannot be used to render the program non-free.

  The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and
modification follow.

                       TERMS AND CONDITIONS

  0. Definitions.

  "This License" refers to version 3 of the GNU General Public License.

  "Copyright" also means copyright-like laws that apply to other kinds of
works, such as semiconductor masks.

  "The Program" refers to any copyrightable work licensed under this
License.  Each licensee is addressed as "you".  "Licensees" and
"recipients" may be individuals or organizations.

  To "modify" a work means to copy from or adapt all or part of the work
in a fashion requiring copyright permission, other than the making of an
exact copy.  The resulting work is called a "modified version" of the
earlier work or a work "based on" the earlier work.

  A "covered work" means either the unmodified Program or a work based
on the Program.

  To "propagate" a work means to do anything with it that, without
permission, would make you directly or secondarily liable for
infringement under applicable copyright law, except executing it on a
computer or modifying a private copy.  Propagation includes copying,
distribution (with or without modification), making available to the
public, and in some countries other activities as well.

  To "convey" a work means any kind of propagation that enables other
parties to make or receive copies.  Mere interaction with a user through
a computer network, with no transfer of a copy, is not conveying.

  An interactive user interface displays "Appropriate Legal Notices"
to the extent that it includes a convenient and prominently visible
feature that (1) displays an appropriate copyright notice, and (2)
tells the user that there is no warranty for the work (except to the
extent that warranties are provided), that licensees may convey the
work under this License, and how to view a copy of this License.  If
the interface presents a list of user commands or options, such as a
menu, a prominent item in the list meets this criterion.

  1. Source Code.

  The "source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work
for making modifications to it.  "Object code" means any non-source
form of a work.

  A "Standard Interface" means an interface that either is an official
standard defined by a recognized standards body, or, in the case of
interfaces specified for a particular programming language, one that
is widely used among developers working in that language.

  The "System Libraries" of an executable work include anything, other
than the work as a whole, that (a) is included in the normal form of
packaging a Major Component, but which is not part of that Major
Component, and (b) serves only to enable use of the work with that
Major Component, or to implement a Standard Interface for which an
implementation is available to the public in source code form.  A
"Major Component", in this context, means a major essential component
(kernel, window system, and so on) of the specific operating system
(if any) on which the executable work runs, or a compiler used to
produce the work, or an object code interpreter used to run it.

  The "Corresponding Source" for a work in object code form means all
the source code needed to generate, install, and (for an executable
work) run the object code and to modify the work, including scripts to
control those activities.  However, it does not include the work's
System Libraries, or general-purpose tools or generally available free
programs which are used unmodified in performing those activities but
which are not part of the work.  For example, Corresponding Source
includes interface definition files associated with source files for
the work, and the source code for shared libraries and dynamically
linked subprograms that the work is specifically designed to require,
such as by intimate data communication or control flow between those
subprograms and other parts of the work.

  The Corresponding Source need not include anything that users
can regenerate automatically from other parts of the Corresponding
Source.

  The Corresponding Source for a work in source code form is that
same work.

  2. Basic Permissions.

  All rights granted under this License are granted for the term of
copyright on the Program, and are irrevocable provided the stated
conditions are met.  This License explicitly affirms your unlimited
permission to run the unmodified Program.  The output from running a
covered work is covered by this License only if the output, given its
content, constitutes a covered work.  This License acknowledges your
rights of fair use or other equivalent, as provided by copyright law.

  You may make, run and propagate covered works that you do not
convey, without conditions so long as your license otherwise remains
in force.  You may convey covered works to others for the sole purpose
of having them make modifications exclusively for you, or provide you
with facilities for running those works, provided that you comply with
the terms of this License in conveying all material for which you do
not control copyright.  Those thus making or running the covered works
for you must do so exclusively on your behalf, under your direction
and control, on terms that prohibit them from making any copies of
your copyrighted material outside their relationship with you.

  Conveying under any other circumstances is permitted solely under
the conditions stated below.  Sublicensing is not allowed; section 10
makes it unnecessary.

  3. Protecting Users' Legal Rights From Anti-Circumvention Law.

  No covered work shall be deemed part of an effective technological
measure under any applicable law fulfilling obligations under article
11 of the WIPO copyright treaty adopted on 20 December 1996, or
similar laws prohibiting or restricting circumvention of such
measures.

  When you convey a covered work, you waive any legal power to forbid
circumvention of technological measures to the extent such circumvention
is effected by exercising rights under this License with respect to
the covered work, and you disclaim any intention to limit operation or
modification of the work as a means of enforcing, against the work's
users, your or third parties' legal rights to forbid circumvention of
technological measures.

  4. Conveying Verbatim Copies.

  You may convey verbatim copies of the Program's source code as you
receive it, in any medium, provided that you conspicuously and
appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice;
keep intact all notices stating that this License and any
non-permissive terms added in accord with section 7 apply to the code;
keep intact all notices of the absence of any warranty; and give all
recipients a copy of this License along with the Program.

  You may charge any price or no price for each copy that you convey,
and you may offer support or warranty protection for a fee.

  5. Conveying Modified Source Versions.

  You may convey a work based on the Program, or the modifications to
produce it from the Program, in the form of source code under the
terms of section 4, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:

    a) The work must carry prominent notices stating that you modified
    it, and giving a relevant date.

    b) The work must carry prominent notices stating that it is
    released under this License and any conditions added under section
    7.  This requirement modifies the requirement in section 4 to
    "keep intact all notices".

    c) You must license the entire work, as a whole, under this
    License to anyone who comes into possession of a copy.  This
    License will therefore apply, along with any applicable section 7
    additional terms, to the whole of the work, and all its parts,
    regardless of how they are packaged.  This License gives no
    permission to license the work in any other way, but it does not
    invalidate such permission if you have separately received it.

    d) If the work has interactive user interfaces, each must display
    Appropriate Legal Notices; however, if the Program has interactive
    interfaces that do not display Appropriate Legal Notices, your
    work need not make them do so.

  A compilation of a covered work with other separate and independent
works, which are not by their nature extensions of the covered work,
and which are not combined with it such as to form a larger program,
in or on a volume of a storage or distribution medium, is called an
"aggregate" if the compilation and its resulting copyright are not
used to limit the access or legal rights of the compilation's users
beyond what the individual works permit.  Inclusion of a covered work
in an aggregate does not cause this License to apply to the other
parts of the aggregate.

  6. Conveying Non-Source Forms.

  You may convey a covered work in object code form under the terms
of sections 4 and 5, provided that you also convey the
machine-readable Corresponding Source under the terms of this License,
in one of these ways:

    a) Convey the object code in, or embodied in, a physical product
    (including a physical distribution medium), accompanied by the
    Corresponding Source fixed on a durable physical medium
    customarily used for software interchange.

    b) Convey the object code in, or embodied in, a physical product
    (including a physical distribution medium), accompanied by a
    written offer, valid for at least three years and valid for as
    long as you offer spare parts or customer support for that product
    model, to give anyone who possesses the object code either (1) a
    copy of the Corresponding Source for all the software in the
    product that is covered by this License, on a durable physical
    medium customarily used for software interchange, for a price no
    more than your reasonable cost of physically performing this
    conveying of source, or (2) access to copy the
    Corresponding Source from a network server at no charge.

    c) Convey individual copies of the object code with a copy of the
    written offer to provide the Corresponding Source.  This
    alternative is allowed only occasionally and noncommercially, and
    only if you received the object code with such an offer, in accord
    with subsection 6b.

    d) Convey the object code by offering access from a designated
    place (gratis or for a charge), and offer equivalent access to the
    Corresponding Source in the same way through the same place at no
    further charge.  You need not require recipients to copy the
    Corresponding Source along with the object code.  If the place to
    copy the object code is a network server, the Corresponding Source
    may be on a different server (operated by you or a third party)
    that supports equivalent copying facilities, provided you maintain
    clear directions next to the object code saying where to find the
    Corresponding Source.  Regardless of what server hosts the
    Corresponding Source, you remain obligated to ensure that it is
    available for as long as needed to satisfy these requirements.

    e) Convey the object code using peer-to-peer transmission, provided
    you inform other peers where the object code and Corresponding
    Source of the work are being offered to the general public at no
    charge under subsection 6d.

  A separable portion of the object code, whose source code is excluded
from the Corresponding Source as a System Library, need not be
included in conveying the object code work.

  A "User Product" is either (1) a "consumer product", which means any
tangible personal property which is normally used for personal, family,
or household purposes, or (2) anything designed or sold for incorporation
into a dwelling.  In determining whether a product is a consumer product,
doubtful cases shall be resolved in favor of coverage.  For a particular
product received by a particular user, "normally used" refers to a
typical or common use of that class of product, regardless of the status
of the particular user or of the way in which the particular user
actually uses, or expects or is expected to use, the product.  A product
is a consumer product regardless of whether the product has substantial
commercial, industrial or non-consumer uses, unless such uses represent
the only significant mode of use of the product.

  "Installation Information" for a User Product means any methods,
procedures, authorization keys, or other information required to install
and execute modified versions of a covered work in that User Product from
a modified version of its Corresponding Source.  The information must
suffice to ensure that the continued functioning of the modified object
code is in no case prevented or interfered with solely because
modification has been made.

  If you convey an object code work under this section in, or with, or
specifically for use in, a User Product, and the conveying occurs as
part of a transaction in which the right of possession and use of the
User Product is transferred to the recipient in perpetuity or for a
fixed term (regardless of how the transaction is characterized), the
Corresponding Source conveyed under this section must be accompanied
by the Installation Information.  But this requirement does not apply
if neither you nor any third party retains the ability to install
modified object code on the User Product (for example, the work has
been installed in ROM).

  The requirement to provide Installation Information does not include a
requirement to continue to provide support service, warranty, or updates
for a work that has been modified or installed by the recipient, or for
the User Product in which it has been modified or installed.  Access to a
network may be denied when the modification itself materially and
adversely affects the operation of the network or violates the rules and
protocols for communication across the network.

  Corresponding Source conveyed, and Installation Information provided,
in accord with this section must be in a format that is publicly
documented (and with an implementation available to the public in
source code form), and must require no special password or key for
unpacking, reading or copying.

  7. Additional Terms.

  "Additional permissions" are terms that supplement the terms of this
License by making exceptions from one or more of its conditions.
Additional permissions that are applicable to the entire Program shall
be treated as though they were included in this License, to the extent
that they are valid under applicable law.  If additional permissions
apply only to part of the Program, that part may be used separately
under those permissions, but the entire Program remains governed by
this License without regard to the additional permissions.

  When you convey a copy of a covered work, you may at your option
remove any additional permissions from that copy, or from any part of
it.  (Additional permissions may be written to require their own
removal in certain cases when you modify the work.)  You may place
additional permissions on material, added by you to a covered work,
for which you have or can give appropriate copyright permission.

  Notwithstanding any other provision of this License, for material you
add to a covered work, you may (if authorized by the copyright holders of
that material) supplement the terms of this License with terms:

    a) Disclaiming warranty or limiting liability differently from the
    terms of sections 15 and 16 of this License; or

    b) Requiring preservation of specified reasonable legal notices or
    author attributions in that material or in the Appropriate Legal
    Notices displayed by works containing it; or

    c) Prohibiting misrepresentation of the origin of that material, or
    requiring that modified versions of such material be marked in
    reasonable ways as different from the original version; or

    d) Limiting the use for publicity purposes of names of licensors or
    authors of the material; or

    e) Declining to grant rights under trademark law for use of some
    trade names, trademarks, or service marks; or

    f) Requiring indemnification of licensors and authors of that
    material by anyone who conveys the material (or modified versions of
    it) with contractual assumptions of liability to the recipient, for
    any liability that these contractual assumptions directly impose on
    those licensors and authors.

  All other non-permissive additional terms are considered "further
restrictions" within the meaning of section 10.  If the Program as you
received it, or any part of it, contains a notice stating that it is
governed by this License along with a term that is a further
restriction, you may remove that term.  If a license document contains
a further restriction but permits relicensing or conveying under this
License, you may add to a covered work material governed by the terms
of that license document, provided that the further restriction does
not survive such relicensing or conveying.

  If you add terms to a covered work in accord with this section, you
must place, in the relevant source files, a statement of the
additional terms that apply to those files, or a notice indicating
where to find the applicable terms.

  Additional terms, permissive or non-permissive, may be stated in the
form of a separately written license, or stated as exceptions;
the above requirements apply either way.

  8. Termination.

  You may not propagate or modify a covered work except as expressly
provided under this License.  Any attempt otherwise to propagate or
modify it is void, and will automatically terminate your rights under
this License (including any patent licenses granted under the third
paragraph of section 11).

  However, if you cease all violation of this License, then your
license from a particular copyright holder is reinstated (a)
provisionally, unless and until the copyright holder explicitly and
finally terminates your license, and (b) permanently, if the copyright
holder fails to notify you of the violation by some reasonable means
prior to 60 days after the cessation.

  Moreover, your license from a particular copyright holder is
reinstated permanently if the copyright holder notifies you of the
violation by some reasonable means, this is the first time you have
received notice of violation of this License (for any work) from that
copyright holder, and you cure the violation prior to 30 days after
your receipt of the notice.

  Termination of your rights under this section does not terminate the
licenses of parties who have received copies or rights from you under
this License.  If your rights have been terminated and not permanently
reinstated, you do not qualify to receive new licenses for the same
material under section 10.

  9. Acceptance Not Required for Having Copies.

  You are not required to accept this License in order to receive or
run a copy of the Program.  Ancillary propagation of a covered work
occurring solely as a consequence of using peer-to-peer transmission
to receive a copy likewise does not require acceptance.  However,
nothing other than this License grants you permission to propagate or
modify any covered work.  These actions infringe copyright if you do
not accept this License.  Therefore, by modifying or propagating a
covered work, you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so.

  10. Automatic Licensing of Downstream Recipients.

  Each time you convey a covered work, the recipient automatically
receives a license from the original licensors, to run, modify and
propagate that work, subject to this License.  You are not responsible
for enforcing compliance by third parties with this License.

  An "entity transaction" is a transaction transferring control of an
organization, or substantially all assets of one, or subdividing an
organization, or merging organizations.  If propagation of a covered
work results from an entity transaction, each party to that
transaction who receives a copy of the work also receives whatever
licenses to the work the party's predecessor in interest had or could
give under the previous paragraph, plus a right to possession of the
Corresponding Source of the work from the predecessor in interest, if
the predecessor has it or can get it with reasonable efforts.

  You may not impose any further restrictions on the exercise of the
rights granted or affirmed under this License.  For example, you may
not impose a license fee, royalty, or other charge for exercise of
rights granted under this License, and you may not initiate litigation
(including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that
any patent claim is infringed by making, using, selling, offering for
sale, or importing the Program or any portion of it.

  11. Patents.

  A "contributor" is a copyright holder who authorizes use under this
License of the Program or a work on which the Program is based.  The
work thus licensed is called the contributor's "contributor version".

  A contributor's "essential patent claims" are all patent claims
owned or controlled by the contributor, whether already acquired or
hereafter acquired, that would be infringed by some manner, permitted
by this License, of making, using, or selling its contributor version,
but do not include claims that would be infringed only as a
consequence of further modification of the contributor version.  For
purposes of this definition, "control" includes the right to grant
patent sublicenses in a manner consistent with the requirements of
this License.

  Each contributor grants you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free
patent license under the contributor's essential patent claims, to
make, use, sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise run, modify and
propagate the contents of its contributor version.

  In the following three paragraphs, a "patent license" is any express
agreement or commitment, however denominated, not to enforce a patent
(such as an express permission to practice a patent or covenant not to
sue for patent infringement).  To "grant" such a patent license to a
party means to make such an agreement or commitment not to enforce a
patent against the party.

  If you convey a covered work, knowingly relying on a patent license,
and the Corresponding Source of the work is not available for anyone
to copy, free of charge and under the terms of this License, through a
publicly available network server or other readily accessible means,
then you must either (1) cause the Corresponding Source to be so
available, or (2) arrange to deprive yourself of the benefit of the
patent license for this particular work, or (3) arrange, in a manner
consistent with the requirements of this License, to extend the patent
license to downstream recipients.  "Knowingly relying" means you have
actual knowledge that, but for the patent license, your conveying the
covered work in a country, or your recipient's use of the covered work
in a country, would infringe one or more identifiable patents in that
country that you have reason to believe are valid.

  If, pursuant to or in connection with a single transaction or
arrangement, you convey, or propagate by procuring conveyance of, a
covered work, and grant a patent license to some of the parties
receiving the covered work authorizing them to use, propagate, modify
or convey a specific copy of the covered work, then the patent license
you grant is automatically extended to all recipients of the covered
work and works based on it.

  A patent license is "discriminatory" if it does not include within
the scope of its coverage, prohibits the exercise of, or is
conditioned on the non-exercise of one or more of the rights that are
specifically granted under this License.  You may not convey a covered
work if you are a party to an arrangement with a third party that is
in the business of distributing software, under which you make payment
to the third party based on the extent of your activity of conveying
the work, and under which the third party grants, to any of the
parties who would receive the covered work from you, a discriminatory
patent license (a) in connection with copies of the covered work
conveyed by you (or copies made from those copies), or (b) primarily
for and in connection with specific products or compilations that
contain the covered work, unless you entered into that arrangement,
or that patent license was granted, prior to 28 March 2007.

  Nothing in this License shall be construed as excluding or limiting
any implied license or other defenses to infringement that may
otherwise be available to you under applicable patent law.

  12. No Surrender of Others' Freedom.

  If conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or
otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not
excuse you from the conditions of this License.  If you cannot convey a
covered work so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this
License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you may
not convey it at all.  For example, if you agree to terms that obligate you
to collect a royalty for further conveying from those to whom you convey
the Program, the only way you could satisfy both those terms and this
License would be to refrain entirely from conveying the Program.

  13. Use with the GNU Affero General Public License.

  Notwithstanding any other provision of this License, you have
permission to link or combine any covered work with a work licensed
under version 3 of the GNU Affero General Public License into a single
combined work, and to convey the resulting work.  The terms of this
License will continue to apply to the part which is the covered work,
but the special requirements of the GNU Affero General Public License,
section 13, concerning interaction through a network will apply to the
combination as such.

  14. Revised Versions of this License.

  The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions of
the GNU General Public License from time to time.  Such new versions will
be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to
address new problems or concerns.

  Each version is given a distinguishing version number.  If the
Program specifies that a certain numbered version of the GNU General
Public License "or any later version" applies to it, you have the
option of following the terms and conditions either of that numbered
version or of any later version published by the Free Software
Foundation.  If the Program does not specify a version number of the
GNU General Public License, you may choose any version ever published
by the Free Software Foundation.

  If the Program specifies that a proxy can decide which future
versions of the GNU General Public License can be used, that proxy's
public statement of acceptance of a version permanently authorizes you
to choose that version for the Program.

  Later license versions may give you additional or different
permissions.  However, no additional obligations are imposed on any
author or copyright holder as a result of your choosing to follow a
later version.

  15. Disclaimer of Warranty.

  THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW.  EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM
IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF
ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

  16. Limitation of Liability.

  IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING
WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MODIFIES AND/OR CONVEYS
THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY
GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE
USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF
DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD
PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS),
EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES.

  17. Interpretation of Sections 15 and 16.

  If the disclaimer of warranty and limitation of liability provided
above cannot be given local legal effect according to their terms,
reviewing courts shall apply local law that most closely approximates
an absolute waiver of all civil liability in connection with the
Program, unless a warranty or assumption of liability accompanies a
copy of the Program in return for a fee.

                     END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

            How to Apply These Terms to Your New Programs

  If you develop a new program, and you want it to be of the greatest
possible use to the public, the best way to achieve this is to make it
free software which everyone can redistribute and change under these terms.

  To do so, attach the following notices to the program.  It is safest
to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively
state the exclusion of warranty; and each file should have at least
the "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found.

    {one line to give the program's name and a brief idea of what it does.}
    Copyright (C) {year}  {name of author}

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.

  If the program does terminal interaction, make it output a short
notice like this when it starts in an interactive mode:

    {project}  Copyright (C) {year}  {fullname}
    This program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details type `show w'.
    This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it
    under certain conditions; type `show c' for details.

The hypothetical commands `show w' and `show c' should show the appropriate
parts of the General Public License.  Of course, your program's commands
might be different; for a GUI interface, you would use an "about box".

  You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or school,
if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the program, if necessary.
For more information on this, and how to apply and follow the GNU GPL, see
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

  The GNU General Public License does not permit incorporating your program
into proprietary programs.  If your program is a subroutine library, you
may consider it more useful to permit linking proprietary applications with
the library.  If this is what you want to do, use the GNU Lesser General
Public License instead of this License.  But first, please read
<http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/why-not-lgpl.html>.

----------------------------------------

Package: attrs
License: MIT
Requires: n/a
Author: (unknown) <Hynek Schlawack <hs@ox.cx>>
Home page: None

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 Hynek Schlawack and the attrs contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

----------------------------------------

Package: certifi
License: MPL-2.0
Requires: n/a
Author: Kenneth Reitz <me@kennethreitz.com>
Home page: https://github.com/certifi/python-certifi

This package contains a modified version of ca-bundle.crt:

ca-bundle.crt -- Bundle of CA Root Certificates

This is a bundle of X.509 certificates of public Certificate Authorities
(CA). These were automatically extracted from Mozilla's root certificates
file (certdata.txt).  This file can be found in the mozilla source tree:
https://hg.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/file/tip/security/nss/lib/ckfw/builtins/certdata.txt
It contains the certificates in PEM format and therefore
can be directly used with curl / libcurl / php_curl, or with
an Apache+mod_ssl webserver for SSL client authentication.
Just configure this file as the SSLCACertificateFile.#

***** BEGIN LICENSE BLOCK *****
This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public License,
v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this file, You can obtain
one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.

***** END LICENSE BLOCK *****
@(#) $RCSfile: certdata.txt,v $ $Revision: 1.80 $ $Date: 2011/11/03 15:11:58 $

----------------------------------------

Package: charset-normalizer
License: MIT
Requires: n/a
Author: (unknown) <"Ahmed R. TAHRI" <tahri.ahmed@proton.me>>
Home page: None

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 TAHRI Ahmed R.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

----------------------------------------

Package: click
License: BSD-3-Clause
Requires: n/a
Author: None
Home page: None

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html
  lang="en"
  
  data-color-mode="auto" data-light-theme="light" data-dark-theme="dark"
  data-a11y-animated-images="system" data-a11y-link-underlines="true"
  
  >




  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
  <link rel="dns-prefetch" href="https://github.githubassets.com">
  <link rel="dns-prefetch" href="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com">
  <link rel="dns-prefetch" href="https://github-cloud.s3.amazonaws.com">
  <link rel="dns-prefetch" href="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/">
  <link rel="preconnect" href="https://github.githubassets.com" crossorigin>
  <link rel="preconnect" href="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com">

  


  <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/light-2ff56e1b36116ee2.css" /><link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/light_high_contrast-f7f95d7633592089.css" /><link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark-2d1fe43dbc9adf1f.css" /><link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark_high_contrast-d530ee188d165539.css" /><link data-color-theme="light" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/light-2ff56e1b36116ee2.css" /><link data-color-theme="light_high_contrast" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/light_high_contrast-f7f95d7633592089.css" /><link data-color-theme="light_colorblind" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/light_colorblind-e4bbc49fc7b82570.css" /><link data-color-theme="light_colorblind_high_contrast" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/light_colorblind_high_contrast-cc3f126b45166b83.css" /><link data-color-theme="light_tritanopia" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/light_tritanopia-652ca611ea4e33fe.css" /><link data-color-theme="light_tritanopia_high_contrast" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/light_tritanopia_high_contrast-9e82d635cb6c3f49.css" /><link data-color-theme="dark" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark-2d1fe43dbc9adf1f.css" /><link data-color-theme="dark_high_contrast" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark_high_contrast-d530ee188d165539.css" /><link data-color-theme="dark_colorblind" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark_colorblind-3ad0ec21150df75b.css" /><link data-color-theme="dark_colorblind_high_contrast" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark_colorblind_high_contrast-5691ff467f71a3f6.css" /><link data-color-theme="dark_tritanopia" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark_tritanopia-abee7710893cd168.css" /><link data-color-theme="dark_tritanopia_high_contrast" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark_tritanopia_high_contrast-eafcf6cd46158360.css" /><link data-color-theme="dark_dimmed" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark_dimmed-c7974682a1a84c8d.css" /><link data-color-theme="dark_dimmed_high_contrast" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark_dimmed_high_contrast-f8dab3e04f94c501.css" />

  <style type="text/css">
    :root {
      --tab-size-preference: 4;
    }

    pre, code {
      tab-size: var(--tab-size-preference);
    }
  </style>

    <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-primitives-7f694b60439d06c0.css" />
    <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-b48faa60c69660fa.css" />
    <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/global-b40ec823a1a6a1af.css" />
    <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/github-f825c0edd7ad57f8.css" />
  <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/repository-0751f482f5210958.css" />
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/code-c22301b4e838281c.css" />

  

  <script type="application/json" id="client-env">{"locale":"en","featureFlags":["actions_custom_images_storage_billing_ui_visibility","actions_image_version_event","actions_workflow_language_service_allow_concurrency_queue","agent_conflict_resolution","alternate_user_config_repo","arianotify_comprehensive_migration","billing_discount_threshold_notification","code_scanning_dfa_degraded_experience_notice","codespaces_prebuild_region_target_update","codespaces_tab_react","coding_agent_model_selection","coding_agent_model_selection_all_skus","comment_viewer_copy_raw_markdown","contentful_primer_code_blocks","copilot_agent_snippy","copilot_api_agentic_issue_marshal_yaml","copilot_ask_mode_dropdown","copilot_automation_session_author","copilot_chat_attach_multiple_images","copilot_chat_category_rate_limit_messages","copilot_chat_clear_model_selection_for_default_change","copilot_chat_contextual_suggestions_updated","copilot_chat_enable_tool_call_logs","copilot_chat_file_redirect","copilot_chat_input_commands","copilot_chat_opening_thread_switch","copilot_chat_prettify_pasted_code","copilot_chat_reduce_quota_checks","copilot_chat_search_bar_redirect","copilot_chat_selection_attachments","copilot_chat_vision_in_claude","copilot_chat_vision_preview_gate","copilot_custom_copilots","copilot_custom_copilots_feature_preview","copilot_diff_explain_conversation_intent","copilot_diff_reference_context","copilot_duplicate_thread","copilot_extensions_hide_in_dotcom_chat","copilot_extensions_removal_on_marketplace","copilot_features_sql_server_logo","copilot_file_block_ref_matching","copilot_ftp_hyperspace_upgrade_prompt","copilot_icebreakers_experiment_dashboard","copilot_icebreakers_experiment_hyperspace","copilot_immersive_code_block_transition_wrap","copilot_immersive_embedded","copilot_immersive_embedded_deferred_payload","copilot_immersive_embedded_draggable","copilot_immersive_embedded_header_button","copilot_immersive_embedded_implicit_references","copilot_immersive_file_block_transition_open","copilot_immersive_file_preview_keep_mounted","copilot_immersive_job_result_preview","copilot_immersive_structured_model_picker","copilot_immersive_task_hyperlinking","copilot_immersive_task_within_chat_thread","copilot_mc_cli_resume_any_users_task","copilot_mission_control_always_send_integration_id","copilot_mission_control_cli_session_status","copilot_mission_control_initial_data_spinner","copilot_mission_control_logs_incremental","copilot_mission_control_task_alive_updates","copilot_org_policy_page_focus_mode","copilot_redirect_header_button_to_agents","copilot_resource_panel","copilot_scroll_preview_tabs","copilot_share_active_subthread","copilot_spaces_ga","copilot_spaces_individual_policies_ga","copilot_spaces_pagination","copilot_spark_empty_state","copilot_spark_handle_nil_friendly_name","copilot_swe_agent_hide_model_picker_if_only_auto","copilot_swe_agent_pr_comment_model_picker","copilot_swe_agent_use_subagents","copilot_task_api_github_rest_style","copilot_unconfigured_is_inherited","copilot_upgrade_freeze","copilot_usage_metrics_ga","copilot_workbench_slim_line_top_tabs","custom_instructions_file_references","dashboard_indexeddb_caching","dashboard_lists_max_age_filter","dashboard_universe_2025_feedback_dialog","dotgithub_fork_warning","flex_cta_groups_mvp","global_nav_react","hyperspace_2025_logged_out_batch_1","hyperspace_2025_logged_out_batch_2","hyperspace_2025_logged_out_batch_3","ipm_global_transactional_message_agents","ipm_global_transactional_message_copilot","ipm_global_transactional_message_issues","ipm_global_transactional_message_prs","ipm_global_transactional_message_repos","ipm_global_transactional_message_spaces","issue_cca_modal_open","issue_cca_multi_assign_modal","issue_cca_task_side_panel","issue_cca_visualization","issue_cca_visualization_session_panel","issue_fields_global_search","issues_expanded_file_types","issues_lazy_load_comment_box_suggestions","issues_react_chrome_container_query_fix","issues_search_type_gql","landing_pages_ninetailed","landing_pages_web_vitals_tracking","lifecycle_label_name_updates","low_quality_classifier","marketing_pages_search_explore_provider","memex_default_issue_create_repository","memex_live_update_hovercard","memex_mwl_filter_field_delimiter","memex_remove_deprecated_type_issue","merge_status_header_feedback","notifications_menu_defer_labels","oauth_authorize_clickjacking_protection","octocaptcha_origin_optimization","prs_conversations_react","prs_css_anchor_positioning","rules_insights_filter_bar_created","sample_network_conn_type","secret_scanning_pattern_alerts_link","security_center_artifact_filters_popover","session_logs_ungroup_reasoning_text","site_features_copilot_universe","site_homepage_collaborate_video","spark_prompt_secret_scanning","spark_server_connection_status","suppress_automated_browser_vitals","ui_skip_on_anchor_click","viewscreen_sandbox","warn_inaccessible_attachments","webp_support","workbench_store_readonly"],"copilotApiOverrideUrl":"https://api.githubcopilot.com"}</script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/high-contrast-cookie-218067197ba03c91.js"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/wp-runtime-3875d7670bb3f3b5.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/fetch-utilities-3140609b5732710f.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/28839-7adfdde5afeb1a03.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/85924-ac5602ef611dc506.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/34646-4c7883eb242d5210.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/environment-a12df3cf35884818.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/runtime-helpers-cb4dfbc9d23f30be.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/2966-d68f2b4558d86113.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/96232-540ff5f81016a9ca.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/41013-647932573fc130af.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/51210-45dfb7dd106f6b96.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/64247-73a9861fe185671f.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/81683-382ccc88e034ea1d.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/9338-f6bee5a8d66d930f.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/46740-5a373320e5ef9c01.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/67466-79abcbf599986a00.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/github-elements-61af8f0198be4afd.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/element-registry-41adcc85f60f3b4b.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/react-core-f502f65d782502b3.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/react-lib-1353f2cef82bcdc0.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/58889-5b136bc717e57a8b.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/79039-69acf717ffc901a4.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/61110-073153e0413daf3a.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/2887-91b9c645d570616a.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/26533-f22c29ae5e9b1ed2.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/86483-c3a819d46503a3da.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/37460-fcd4830a1194eace.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/60481-24b13ea726837f7b.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/46287-853bfcb69bb5b3f9.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/2498-f0375ed070e22e54.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/61025-5b1312da907b4074.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/89627-40275597692dc855.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/79087-4f706db8aa2ec0fb.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/49029-42bd0899fca05960.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/99328-a2c6b180d25cb160.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/behaviors-05170beef7088f93.js" defer="defer"></script>
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/react-core.58063f76e203853d.module.css" />
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/4244-97fb660009234136.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/notifications-global-442a23b66c306470.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/39373-075d662e5ab13538.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/code-menu-ad3e18f5935a3ed8.js" defer="defer"></script>
  
  <script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-react-ed05dc3d91bca0bd.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/octicons-react-60e727d7a1b6f52c.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/26175-f03ec9ebf800f925.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/37869-3811d0fa923a406d.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/68751-830b37204cdf7847.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/7463-30e02617b93e1c07.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/15272-0fca7ba11b03440f.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/32769-abc9916acf2cd4f1.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/36505-9798da05fe2143ec.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/46148-264173ef30e2e838.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/57712-831326500b842c0e.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/61545-6a3a31f92bb5e61a.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/20999-9b5648501d55c42d.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/98228-7a59d90d972526cc.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/63991-466700d8cea41498.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/59852-fc77b3df0a08d405.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/3624-b3e2357fda2101a2.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/66231-a2e789b56df018f7.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/71001-7431ccad12c501aa.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/33684-bbaee6839ab84dd8.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/18222-8b85d637a2041072.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/96755-770967b1236437cd.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/4916-0bb8c44ba1b3d0f7.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/75674-28ffd7157e7cb9e8.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/75601-d9eafa1fbbb5172b.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/8987-366fbcea269300af.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/41371-cf8b083f97b1e3cd.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/38184-1e8a3a630d385487.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/2231-845cd703452e2e93.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/41110-df3d2329c8277a27.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/88466-de2082408a4d301e.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/81587-bc07bc51c3c473ba.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/58085-77d3143b51231967.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/85146-e5757349b818963b.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/50110-0f4d902364ca3e5b.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/26497-005fb7ee8ecc7bb7.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/49135-83e58d929426d4a6.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/71920-723318c28b0f8f3a.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/code-view-e6b0130ddccd115e.js" defer="defer"></script>
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-react-css.00ba154d21e54e53.module.css" />
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/code-view.4278d8e251827456.module.css" />

  <script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/70234-1ee48b3a4eebdc7d.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/88041-84298a1fc336a8cb.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/notifications-subscriptions-menu-8099506844b1f494.js" defer="defer"></script>
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-react-css.00ba154d21e54e53.module.css" />
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/notifications-subscriptions-menu.1d4ba527bc20385c.module.css" />


  <title>click/LICENSE.txt at 6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410 · pallets/click · GitHub</title>



  <meta name="route-pattern" content="/:user_id/:repository/blob/*name(/*path)" data-turbo-transient>
  <meta name="route-controller" content="blob" data-turbo-transient>
  <meta name="route-action" content="show" data-turbo-transient>
  <meta name="fetch-nonce" content="v2:5c0d456e-f600-6303-0361-ba4afc3b694e">

    
  <meta name="current-catalog-service-hash" content="f3abb0cc802f3d7b95fc8762b94bdcb13bf39634c40c357301c4aa1d67a256fb">


  <meta name="request-id" content="A018:20CA55:CE27E8F:D214596:69F75CEB" data-pjax-transient="true"/><meta name="html-safe-nonce" content="4efe422aeb2f59d4c5424edeba4b171d5282e63639052fef6ad957ee6c1b6b49" data-pjax-transient="true"/><meta name="visitor-payload" content="eyJyZWZlcnJlciI6IiIsInJlcXVlc3RfaWQiOiJBMDE4OjIwQ0E1NTpDRTI3RThGOkQyMTQ1OTY6NjlGNzVDRUIiLCJ2aXNpdG9yX2lkIjoiNjQxMjk0MzIyMzM3NDE3NTQ2NyIsInJlZ2lvbl9lZGdlIjoic2VhIiwicmVnaW9uX3JlbmRlciI6InNlYSJ9" data-pjax-transient="true"/><meta name="visitor-hmac" content="bb271a2cd3549be3b8bfa6fe1b3d4435cbc6eb9ca129576f5bb1fe8101c8f963" data-pjax-transient="true"/>


    <meta name="hovercard-subject-tag" content="repository:19103692" data-turbo-transient>


  <meta name="github-keyboard-shortcuts" content="repository,source-code,file-tree,copilot" data-turbo-transient="true" />
  

  <meta name="selected-link" value="repo_source" data-turbo-transient>
  <link rel="assets" href="https://github.githubassets.com/">

    <meta name="google-site-verification" content="Apib7-x98H0j5cPqHWwSMm6dNU4GmODRoqxLiDzdx9I">

<meta name="octolytics-url" content="https://collector.github.com/github/collect" />





  <meta name="analytics-location" content="/&lt;user-name&gt;/&lt;repo-name&gt;/blob/show" data-turbo-transient="true" />

  




    <meta name="user-login" content="">

  

    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width">

    

      <meta name="description" content="Python composable command line interface toolkit. Contribute to pallets/click development by creating an account on GitHub.">

      <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml" href="/opensearch.xml" title="GitHub">

    <link rel="fluid-icon" href="https://github.com/fluidicon.png" title="GitHub">
    <meta property="fb:app_id" content="1401488693436528">
    <meta name="apple-itunes-app" content="app-id=1477376905, app-argument=https://github.com/pallets/click/blob/6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410/LICENSE.txt" />

      <meta name="twitter:image" content="https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/19103692/f4a99703-0be6-4038-8f9f-661b724c3834" /><meta name="twitter:site" content="@github" /><meta name="twitter:card" content="summary_large_image" /><meta name="twitter:title" content="click/LICENSE.txt at 6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410 · pallets/click" /><meta name="twitter:description" content="Python composable command line interface toolkit. Contribute to pallets/click development by creating an account on GitHub." />
  <meta property="og:image" content="https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/19103692/f4a99703-0be6-4038-8f9f-661b724c3834" /><meta property="og:image:alt" content="Python composable command line interface toolkit. Contribute to pallets/click development by creating an account on GitHub." /><meta property="og:site_name" content="GitHub" /><meta property="og:type" content="object" /><meta property="og:title" content="click/LICENSE.txt at 6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410 · pallets/click" /><meta property="og:url" content="https://github.com/pallets/click/blob/6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410/LICENSE.txt" /><meta property="og:description" content="Python composable command line interface toolkit. Contribute to pallets/click development by creating an account on GitHub." />
  




      <meta name="hostname" content="github.com">



        <meta name="expected-hostname" content="github.com">


  <meta http-equiv="x-pjax-version" content="892f9bf170e8906395414b3d5dc8e78798bb0660d39cf4284b5700a4fc62fc96" data-turbo-track="reload">
  <meta http-equiv="x-pjax-csp-version" content="568c098497d98702bac1642a2a853732a047a6ced28eabd3e15d50041a890235" data-turbo-track="reload">
  <meta http-equiv="x-pjax-css-version" content="87721d1504a187fb3fcbfa6e98526d058edf6fa1163680dbb36bf70525df6ac4" data-turbo-track="reload">
  <meta http-equiv="x-pjax-js-version" content="0ea8bdf164c471f201263ff8f0b6109e1c835fd91a019be22e6ef28d744481a4" data-turbo-track="reload">

  <meta name="turbo-cache-control" content="no-preview" data-turbo-transient="">

      <meta name="turbo-cache-control" content="no-cache" data-turbo-transient>

    <meta data-hydrostats="publish">

  <meta name="go-import" content="github.com/pallets/click git https://github.com/pallets/click.git">

  <meta name="octolytics-dimension-user_id" content="16748505" /><meta name="octolytics-dimension-user_login" content="pallets" /><meta name="octolytics-dimension-repository_id" content="19103692" /><meta name="octolytics-dimension-repository_nwo" content="pallets/click" /><meta name="octolytics-dimension-repository_public" content="true" /><meta name="octolytics-dimension-repository_is_fork" content="false" /><meta name="octolytics-dimension-repository_network_root_id" content="19103692" /><meta name="octolytics-dimension-repository_network_root_nwo" content="pallets/click" />
  



    

    <meta name="turbo-body-classes" content="logged-out env-production page-responsive">
  <meta name="disable-turbo" content="false">


  <meta name="browser-stats-url" content="https://api.github.com/_private/browser/stats">

  <meta name="browser-errors-url" content="https://api.github.com/_private/browser/errors">

  <meta name="release" content="769c182f4f3fd033561899e47793493ed57e7ac2">
  <meta name="ui-target" content="full">

  <link rel="mask-icon" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/pinned-octocat-093da3e6fa40.svg" color="#000000">
  <link rel="alternate icon" class="js-site-favicon" type="image/png" href="https://github.githubassets.com/favicons/favicon.png">
  <link rel="icon" class="js-site-favicon" type="image/svg+xml" href="https://github.githubassets.com/favicons/favicon.svg" data-base-href="https://github.githubassets.com/favicons/favicon">

<meta name="theme-color" content="#1e2327">
<meta name="color-scheme" content="light dark" />


  <link rel="manifest" href="/manifest.json" crossOrigin="use-credentials">

  </head>

  <body class="logged-out env-production page-responsive" style="word-wrap: break-word;" >
    <div data-turbo-body class="logged-out env-production page-responsive" style="word-wrap: break-word;" >
      <div id="__primerPortalRoot__" role="region" style="z-index: 1000; position: absolute; width: 100%;" data-turbo-permanent></div>
      

    <div class="position-relative header-wrapper js-header-wrapper ">
      <a href="#start-of-content" data-skip-target-assigned="false" class="px-2 tmp-py-4 color-bg-accent-emphasis color-fg-on-emphasis show-on-focus js-skip-to-content">Skip to content</a>

      <span data-view-component="true" class="progress-pjax-loader Progress position-fixed width-full">
    <span style="width: 0%;" data-view-component="true" class="Progress-item progress-pjax-loader-bar left-0 top-0 color-bg-accent-emphasis"></span>
</span>      
      
      <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-react-css.00ba154d21e54e53.module.css" />
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/keyboard-shortcuts-dialog.4ec51dca433f1103.module.css" />

<react-partial
  partial-name="keyboard-shortcuts-dialog"
  data-ssr="false"
  data-attempted-ssr="false"
  data-react-profiling="false"
>
  
  <script type="application/json" data-target="react-partial.embeddedData">{"props":{"docsUrl":"https://docs.github.com/get-started/accessibility/keyboard-shortcuts"}}</script>
  <div data-target="react-partial.reactRoot"></div>
</react-partial>





      

          

              
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/46752-7bd8967216f7ea42.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/90350-89ca7e5359af8f77.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/sessions-e0da6ce03532723c.js" defer="defer"></script>

<style>
  /* Override primer focus outline color for marketing header dropdown links for better contrast */
  [data-color-mode="light"] .HeaderMenu-dropdown-link:focus-visible,
  [data-color-mode="light"] .HeaderMenu-trailing-link a:focus-visible {
    outline-color: var(--color-accent-fg);
  }
</style>

<header class="HeaderMktg header-logged-out js-details-container js-header Details f4 tmp-py-3" role="banner" data-is-top="true" data-color-mode=auto data-light-theme=light data-dark-theme=dark>
  <h2 class="sr-only">Navigation Menu</h2>

  <button type="button" class="HeaderMktg-backdrop d-lg-none border-0 position-fixed top-0 left-0 width-full height-full js-details-target" aria-label="Toggle navigation">
    <span class="d-none">Toggle navigation</span>
  </button>

  <div class="d-flex flex-column flex-lg-row flex-items-center tmp-px-3 tmp-px-md-4 tmp-px-lg-5 height-full position-relative z-1">
    <div class="d-flex flex-justify-between flex-items-center width-full width-lg-auto">
      <div class="flex-1">
        <button aria-label="Toggle navigation" aria-expanded="false" type="button" data-view-component="true" class="js-details-target js-nav-padding-recalculate js-header-menu-toggle Button--link Button--medium Button d-lg-none color-fg-inherit p-1 tmp-p-1">  <span class="Button-content">
    <span class="Button-label"><div class="HeaderMenu-toggle-bar rounded my-1"></div>
            <div class="HeaderMenu-toggle-bar rounded my-1"></div>
            <div class="HeaderMenu-toggle-bar rounded my-1"></div></span>
  </span>
</button>
      </div>

      <a class="tmp-mr-lg-3 color-fg-inherit flex-order-2 js-prevent-focus-on-mobile-nav"
        href="/"
        aria-label="Homepage"
        data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Marketing nav&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;click to go to homepage&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;ref_page:Marketing;ref_cta:Logomark;ref_loc:Header&quot;}">
        <svg height="32" aria-hidden="true" viewBox="0 0 24 24" version="1.1" width="32" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-mark-github">
    <path d="M10.226 17.284c-2.965-.36-5.054-2.493-5.054-5.256 0-1.123.404-2.336 1.078-3.144-.292-.741-.247-2.314.09-2.965.898-.112 2.111.36 2.83 1.01.853-.269 1.752-.404 2.853-.404 1.1 0 1.999.135 2.807.382.696-.629 1.932-1.1 2.83-.988.315.606.36 2.179.067 2.942.72.854 1.101 2 1.101 3.167 0 2.763-2.089 4.852-5.098 5.234.763.494 1.28 1.572 1.28 2.807v2.336c0 .674.561 1.056 1.235.786 4.066-1.55 7.255-5.615 7.255-10.646C23.5 6.188 18.334 1 11.978 1 5.62 1 .5 6.188.5 12.545c0 4.986 3.167 9.12 7.435 10.669.606.225 1.19-.18 1.19-.786V20.63a2.9 2.9 0 0 1-1.078.224c-1.483 0-2.359-.808-2.987-2.313-.247-.607-.517-.966-1.034-1.033-.27-.023-.359-.135-.359-.27 0-.27.45-.471.898-.471.652 0 1.213.404 1.797 1.235.45.651.921.943 1.483.943.561 0 .92-.202 1.437-.719.382-.381.674-.718.944-.943"></path>
</svg>
      </a>

      <div class="d-flex flex-1 flex-order-2 text-right d-lg-none gap-2 flex-justify-end">
          <a
            href="/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fpallets%2Fclick%2Fblob%2F6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410%2FLICENSE.txt"
            class="HeaderMenu-link HeaderMenu-button d-inline-flex f5 no-underline border color-border-default rounded-2 px-2 py-1 color-fg-inherit js-prevent-focus-on-mobile-nav"
            data-hydro-click="{&quot;event_type&quot;:&quot;authentication.click&quot;,&quot;payload&quot;:{&quot;location_in_page&quot;:&quot;site header menu&quot;,&quot;repository_id&quot;:null,&quot;auth_type&quot;:&quot;SIGN_UP&quot;,&quot;originating_url&quot;:&quot;https://github.com/pallets/click/blob/6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410/LICENSE.txt&quot;,&quot;user_id&quot;:null}}" data-hydro-click-hmac="25aae22619a47f7c4553f963b1cc1befc5aed8cbf4a28171f1b0f831a87534ff"
            data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Marketing nav&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;click to Sign in&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;ref_page:Marketing;ref_cta:Sign in;ref_loc:Header&quot;}"
          >
            Sign in
          </a>
              <div class="AppHeader-appearanceSettings">
    <react-partial-anchor>
      <button data-target="react-partial-anchor.anchor" id="icon-button-f8f2b59c-d925-4877-a938-722cfe7d5bd8" aria-labelledby="tooltip-6f41688b-0583-4a56-b16a-731ad50af187" type="button" disabled="disabled" data-view-component="true" class="Button Button--iconOnly Button--invisible Button--medium AppHeader-button HeaderMenu-link border cursor-wait">  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-sliders Button-visual">
    <path d="M15 2.75a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75h-4a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h4a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75Zm-8.5.75v1.25a.75.75 0 0 0 1.5 0v-4a.75.75 0 0 0-1.5 0V2H1.75a.75.75 0 0 0 0 1.5H6.5Zm1.25 5.25a.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5h-6a.75.75 0 0 0 0 1.5h6ZM15 8a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75H11.5V10a.75.75 0 1 1-1.5 0V6a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v1.25h2.75A.75.75 0 0 1 15 8Zm-9 5.25v-2a.75.75 0 0 0-1.5 0v1.25H1.75a.75.75 0 0 0 0 1.5H4.5v1.25a.75.75 0 0 0 1.5 0v-2Zm9 0a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75h-6a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h6a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75Z"></path>
</svg>
</button><tool-tip id="tooltip-6f41688b-0583-4a56-b16a-731ad50af187" for="icon-button-f8f2b59c-d925-4877-a938-722cfe7d5bd8" popover="manual" data-direction="s" data-type="label" data-view-component="true" class="sr-only position-absolute">Appearance settings</tool-tip>

      <template data-target="react-partial-anchor.template">
        <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-react-css.00ba154d21e54e53.module.css" />
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/appearance-settings.202aedbb190e067b.module.css" />

<react-partial
  partial-name="appearance-settings"
  data-ssr="false"
  data-attempted-ssr="false"
  data-react-profiling="false"
>
  
  <script type="application/json" data-target="react-partial.embeddedData">{"props":{}}</script>
  <div data-target="react-partial.reactRoot"></div>
</react-partial>


      </template>
    </react-partial-anchor>
  </div>

      </div>
    </div>


    <div class="HeaderMenu js-header-menu height-fit position-lg-relative d-lg-flex flex-column flex-auto top-0">
      <div class="HeaderMenu-wrapper d-flex flex-column flex-self-start flex-lg-row flex-auto rounded rounded-lg-0">
            <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-react-css.00ba154d21e54e53.module.css" />
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/marketing-navigation.09746fd4440cd1dd.module.css" />

<react-partial
  partial-name="marketing-navigation"
  data-ssr="true"
  data-attempted-ssr="true"
  data-react-profiling="false"
>
  
  <script type="application/json" data-target="react-partial.embeddedData">{"props":{"should_use_dotcom_links":true}}</script>
  <div data-target="react-partial.reactRoot"><nav class="MarketingNavigation-module__nav__W0KYY" aria-label="Global"><ul class="MarketingNavigation-module__list__tFbMb"><li><div class="NavDropdown-module__container__l2YeI js-details-container js-header-menu-item"><button type="button" class="NavDropdown-module__button__PEHWX js-details-target" aria-expanded="false">Platform<svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavDropdown-module__buttonIcon__Tkl8_" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></button><div class="NavDropdown-module__dropdown__xm1jd"><ul class="NavDropdown-module__list__zuCgG"><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">AI CODE CREATION</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/features/copilot" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;github_copilot&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;github_copilot_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-copilot NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M23.922 16.992c-.861 1.495-5.859 5.023-11.922 5.023-6.063 0-11.061-3.528-11.922-5.023A.641.641 0 0 1 0 16.736v-2.869a.841.841 0 0 1 .053-.22c.372-.935 1.347-2.292 2.605-2.656.167-.429.414-1.055.644-1.517a10.195 10.195 0 0 1-.052-1.086c0-1.331.282-2.499 1.132-3.368.397-.406.89-.717 1.474-.952 1.399-1.136 3.392-2.093 6.122-2.093 2.731 0 4.767.957 6.166 2.093.584.235 1.077.546 1.474.952.85.869 1.132 2.037 1.132 3.368 0 .368-.014.733-.052 1.086.23.462.477 1.088.644 1.517 1.258.364 2.233 1.721 2.605 2.656a.832.832 0 0 1 .053.22v2.869a.641.641 0 0 1-.078.256ZM12.172 11h-.344a4.323 4.323 0 0 1-.355.508C10.703 12.455 9.555 13 7.965 13c-1.725 0-2.989-.359-3.782-1.259a2.005 2.005 0 0 1-.085-.104L4 11.741v6.585c1.435.779 4.514 2.179 8 2.179 3.486 0 6.565-1.4 8-2.179v-6.585l-.098-.104s-.033.045-.085.104c-.793.9-2.057 1.259-3.782 1.259-1.59 0-2.738-.545-3.508-1.492a4.323 4.323 0 0 1-.355-.508h-.016.016Zm.641-2.935c.136 1.057.403 1.913.878 2.497.442.544 1.134.938 2.344.938 1.573 0 2.292-.337 2.657-.751.384-.435.558-1.15.558-2.361 0-1.14-.243-1.847-.705-2.319-.477-.488-1.319-.862-2.824-1.025-1.487-.161-2.192.138-2.533.529-.269.307-.437.808-.438 1.578v.021c0 .265.021.562.063.893Zm-1.626 0c.042-.331.063-.628.063-.894v-.02c-.001-.77-.169-1.271-.438-1.578-.341-.391-1.046-.69-2.533-.529-1.505.163-2.347.537-2.824 1.025-.462.472-.705 1.179-.705 2.319 0 1.211.175 1.926.558 2.361.365.414 1.084.751 2.657.751 1.21 0 1.902-.394 2.344-.938.475-.584.742-1.44.878-2.497Z"></path><path d="M14.5 14.25a1 1 0 0 1 1 1v2a1 1 0 0 1-2 0v-2a1 1 0 0 1 1-1Zm-5 0a1 1 0 0 1 1 1v2a1 1 0 0 1-2 0v-2a1 1 0 0 1 1-1Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">GitHub Copilot</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Write better code with AI</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/features/spark" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;github_spark&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;github_spark_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-sparkle-fill NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M11.296 1.924c.24-.656 1.168-.656 1.408 0l.717 1.958a11.25 11.25 0 0 0 6.697 6.697l1.958.717c.657.24.657 1.168 0 1.408l-1.958.717a11.25 11.25 0 0 0-6.697 6.697l-.717 1.958c-.24.657-1.168.657-1.408 0l-.717-1.958a11.25 11.25 0 0 0-6.697-6.697l-1.958-.717c-.656-.24-.656-1.168 0-1.408l1.958-.717a11.25 11.25 0 0 0 6.697-6.697l.717-1.958Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">GitHub Spark</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Build and deploy intelligent apps</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/features/models" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;github_models&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;github_models_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-ai-model NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M19.375 8.5a3.25 3.25 0 1 1-3.163 4h-3a3.252 3.252 0 0 1-4.443 2.509L7.214 17.76a3.25 3.25 0 1 1-1.342-.674l1.672-2.957A3.238 3.238 0 0 1 6.75 12c0-.907.371-1.727.97-2.316L6.117 6.846A3.253 3.253 0 0 1 1.875 3.75a3.25 3.25 0 1 1 5.526 2.32l1.603 2.836A3.25 3.25 0 0 1 13.093 11h3.119a3.252 3.252 0 0 1 3.163-2.5ZM10 10.25a1.75 1.75 0 1 0-.001 3.499A1.75 1.75 0 0 0 10 10.25ZM5.125 2a1.75 1.75 0 1 0 0 3.5 1.75 1.75 0 0 0 0-3.5Zm12.5 9.75a1.75 1.75 0 1 0 3.5 0 1.75 1.75 0 0 0-3.5 0Zm-14.25 8.5a1.75 1.75 0 1 0 3.501-.001 1.75 1.75 0 0 0-3.501.001Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">GitHub Models</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Manage and compare prompts</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/mcp" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;mcp_registry&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;mcp_registry_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-mcp NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M9.795 1.694a4.287 4.287 0 0 1 6.061 0 4.28 4.28 0 0 1 1.181 3.819 4.282 4.282 0 0 1 3.819 1.181 4.287 4.287 0 0 1 0 6.061l-6.793 6.793a.249.249 0 0 0 0 .353l2.617 2.618a.75.75 0 1 1-1.061 1.061l-2.617-2.618a1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0-2.475l6.793-6.793a2.785 2.785 0 1 0-3.939-3.939l-5.9 5.9a.734.734 0 0 1-.249.165.749.749 0 0 1-.812-1.225l5.9-5.901a2.785 2.785 0 1 0-3.939-3.939L2.931 10.68A.75.75 0 1 1 1.87 9.619l7.925-7.925Z"></path><path d="M12.42 4.069a.752.752 0 0 1 1.061 0 .752.752 0 0 1 0 1.061L7.33 11.28a2.788 2.788 0 0 0 0 3.94 2.788 2.788 0 0 0 3.94 0l6.15-6.151a.752.752 0 0 1 1.061 0 .752.752 0 0 1 0 1.061l-6.151 6.15a4.285 4.285 0 1 1-6.06-6.06l6.15-6.151Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">MCP Registry<sup class="NavLink-module__label__bil7n">New</sup></span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Integrate external tools</span></div></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">DEVELOPER WORKFLOWS</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/features/actions" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;actions&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;actions_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-workflow NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M1 3a2 2 0 0 1 2-2h6.5a2 2 0 0 1 2 2v6.5a2 2 0 0 1-2 2H7v4.063C7 16.355 7.644 17 8.438 17H12.5v-2.5a2 2 0 0 1 2-2H21a2 2 0 0 1 2 2V21a2 2 0 0 1-2 2h-6.5a2 2 0 0 1-2-2v-2.5H8.437A2.939 2.939 0 0 1 5.5 15.562V11.5H3a2 2 0 0 1-2-2Zm2-.5a.5.5 0 0 0-.5.5v6.5a.5.5 0 0 0 .5.5h6.5a.5.5 0 0 0 .5-.5V3a.5.5 0 0 0-.5-.5ZM14.5 14a.5.5 0 0 0-.5.5V21a.5.5 0 0 0 .5.5H21a.5.5 0 0 0 .5-.5v-6.5a.5.5 0 0 0-.5-.5Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Actions</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Automate any workflow</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/features/codespaces" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;codespaces&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;codespaces_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-codespaces NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.5 3.75C3.5 2.784 4.284 2 5.25 2h13.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 18.75 13H5.25a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.75-1.75Zm-2 12c0-.966.784-1.75 1.75-1.75h17.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v4a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.75 1.75H3.25a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.75-1.75ZM5.25 3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h13.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-7.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Zm-2 12a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v4c0 .138.112.25.25.25h17.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-4a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path><path d="M10 17.75a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75h6.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-6.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.75-.75Zm-4 0a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.75-.75Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Codespaces</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Instant dev environments</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/features/issues" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;issues&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;issues_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-issue-opened NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M12 1c6.075 0 11 4.925 11 11s-4.925 11-11 11S1 18.075 1 12 5.925 1 12 1ZM2.5 12a9.5 9.5 0 0 0 9.5 9.5 9.5 9.5 0 0 0 9.5-9.5A9.5 9.5 0 0 0 12 2.5 9.5 9.5 0 0 0 2.5 12Zm9.5 2a2 2 0 1 1-.001-3.999A2 2 0 0 1 12 14Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Issues</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Plan and track work</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/features/code-review" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;code_review&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;code_review_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-code NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M15.22 4.97a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l6.5 6.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-6.5 6.5a.749.749 0 0 1-1.275-.326.749.749 0 0 1 .215-.734L21.19 12l-5.97-5.97a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Zm-6.44 0a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06L2.81 12l5.97 5.97a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215l-6.5-6.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06l6.5-6.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Code Review</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Manage code changes</span></div></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">APPLICATION SECURITY</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/security/advanced-security" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;github_advanced_security&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;github_advanced_security_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-shield-check NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M16.53 9.78a.75.75 0 0 0-1.06-1.06L11 13.19l-1.97-1.97a.75.75 0 0 0-1.06 1.06l2.5 2.5a.75.75 0 0 0 1.06 0l5-5Z"></path><path d="m12.54.637 8.25 2.675A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 22 4.976V10c0 6.19-3.771 10.704-9.401 12.83a1.704 1.704 0 0 1-1.198 0C5.77 20.705 2 16.19 2 10V4.976c0-.758.489-1.43 1.21-1.664L11.46.637a1.748 1.748 0 0 1 1.08 0Zm-.617 1.426-8.25 2.676a.249.249 0 0 0-.173.237V10c0 5.46 3.28 9.483 8.43 11.426a.199.199 0 0 0 .14 0C17.22 19.483 20.5 15.461 20.5 10V4.976a.25.25 0 0 0-.173-.237l-8.25-2.676a.253.253 0 0 0-.154 0Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">GitHub Advanced Security</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Find and fix vulnerabilities</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/security/advanced-security/code-security" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;code_security&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;code_security_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-code-square NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M10.3 8.24a.75.75 0 0 1-.04 1.06L7.352 12l2.908 2.7a.75.75 0 1 1-1.02 1.1l-3.5-3.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.1l3.5-3.25a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06.04Zm3.44 1.06a.75.75 0 1 1 1.02-1.1l3.5 3.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.1l-3.5 3.25a.75.75 0 1 1-1.02-1.1l2.908-2.7-2.908-2.7Z"></path><path d="M2 3.75C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2h16.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v16.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 20.25 22H3.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 20.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v16.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h16.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V3.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Code security</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Secure your code as you build</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/security/advanced-security/secret-protection" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;secret_protection&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;secret_protection_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-lock NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6 9V7.25C6 3.845 8.503 1 12 1s6 2.845 6 6.25V9h.5a2.5 2.5 0 0 1 2.5 2.5v8a2.5 2.5 0 0 1-2.5 2.5h-13A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 3 19.5v-8A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 5.5 9Zm-1.5 2.5v8a1 1 0 0 0 1 1h13a1 1 0 0 0 1-1v-8a1 1 0 0 0-1-1h-13a1 1 0 0 0-1 1Zm3-4.25V9h9V7.25c0-2.67-1.922-4.75-4.5-4.75-2.578 0-4.5 2.08-4.5 4.75Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Secret protection</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Stop leaks before they start</span></div></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ NavGroup-module__hasSeparator__FnMrN"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">EXPLORE</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/why-github" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;why_github&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;why_github_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Why GitHub</span></a></li><li><a href="https://docs.github.com" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;documentation&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;documentation_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Documentation</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li><li><a href="https://github.blog" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;blog&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;blog_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Blog</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li><li><a href="https://github.blog/changelog" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;changelog&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;changelog_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Changelog</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/marketplace" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;marketplace&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;marketplace_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Marketplace</span></a></li></ul></div></li></ul><div class="NavDropdown-module__trailingLinkContainer__VgJGL"><a href="https://github.com/features" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;view_all_features&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;view_all_features_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">View all features</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavLink-module__arrowIcon__amekg" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></a></div></div></div></li><li><div class="NavDropdown-module__container__l2YeI js-details-container js-header-menu-item"><button type="button" class="NavDropdown-module__button__PEHWX js-details-target" aria-expanded="false">Solutions<svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavDropdown-module__buttonIcon__Tkl8_" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></button><div class="NavDropdown-module__dropdown__xm1jd"><ul class="NavDropdown-module__list__zuCgG"><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">BY COMPANY SIZE</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/enterprise" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;enterprises&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;enterprises_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Enterprises</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/team" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;small_and_medium_teams&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;small_and_medium_teams_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Small and medium teams</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/enterprise/startups" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;startups&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;startups_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Startups</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/industry/nonprofits" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;nonprofits&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;nonprofits_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Nonprofits</span></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">BY USE CASE</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/use-case/app-modernization" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;app_modernization&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;app_modernization_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">App Modernization</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/use-case/devsecops" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;devsecops&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;devsecops_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">DevSecOps</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/use-case/devops" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;devops&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;devops_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">DevOps</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/use-case/ci-cd" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;ci/cd&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;ci/cd_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">CI/CD</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/use-case" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;view_all_use_cases&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;view_all_use_cases_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">View all use cases</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavLink-module__arrowIcon__amekg" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">BY INDUSTRY</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/industry/healthcare" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;healthcare&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;healthcare_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Healthcare</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/industry/financial-services" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;financial_services&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;financial_services_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Financial services</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/industry/manufacturing" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;manufacturing&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;manufacturing_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Manufacturing</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/industry/government" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;government&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;government_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Government</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/industry" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;view_all_industries&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;view_all_industries_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">View all industries</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavLink-module__arrowIcon__amekg" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></a></li></ul></div></li></ul><div class="NavDropdown-module__trailingLinkContainer__VgJGL"><a href="https://github.com/solutions" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;view_all_solutions&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;view_all_solutions_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">View all solutions</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavLink-module__arrowIcon__amekg" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></a></div></div></div></li><li><div class="NavDropdown-module__container__l2YeI js-details-container js-header-menu-item"><button type="button" class="NavDropdown-module__button__PEHWX js-details-target" aria-expanded="false">Resources<svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavDropdown-module__buttonIcon__Tkl8_" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></button><div class="NavDropdown-module__dropdown__xm1jd"><ul class="NavDropdown-module__list__zuCgG"><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">EXPLORE BY TOPIC</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/resources/articles?topic=ai" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;ai&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;ai_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">AI</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/resources/articles?topic=software-development" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;software_development&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;software_development_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Software Development</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/resources/articles?topic=devops" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;devops&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;devops_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">DevOps</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/resources/articles?topic=security" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;security&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;security_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Security</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/resources/articles" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;view_all_topics&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;view_all_topics_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">View all topics</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavLink-module__arrowIcon__amekg" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">EXPLORE BY TYPE</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/customer-stories" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;customer_stories&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;customer_stories_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Customer stories</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/resources/events" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;events__webinars&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;events__webinars_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Events &amp; webinars</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/resources/whitepapers" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;ebooks__reports&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;ebooks__reports_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Ebooks &amp; reports</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/executive-insights" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;business_insights&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;business_insights_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Business insights</span></a></li><li><a href="https://skills.github.com" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;github_skills&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;github_skills_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">GitHub Skills</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">SUPPORT &amp; SERVICES</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://docs.github.com" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;documentation&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;documentation_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Documentation</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li><li><a href="https://support.github.com" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;customer_support&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;customer_support_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Customer support</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;community_forum&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;community_forum_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Community forum</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/trust-center" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;trust_center&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;trust_center_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Trust center</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/partners" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;partners&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;partners_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Partners</span></a></li></ul></div></li></ul><div class="NavDropdown-module__trailingLinkContainer__VgJGL"><a href="https://github.com/resources" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;view_all_resources&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;view_all_resources_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">View all resources</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavLink-module__arrowIcon__amekg" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></a></div></div></div></li><li><div class="NavDropdown-module__container__l2YeI js-details-container js-header-menu-item"><button type="button" class="NavDropdown-module__button__PEHWX js-details-target" aria-expanded="false">Open Source<svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavDropdown-module__buttonIcon__Tkl8_" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></button><div class="NavDropdown-module__dropdown__xm1jd"><ul class="NavDropdown-module__list__zuCgG"><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">COMMUNITY</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/sponsors" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;github_sponsors&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;github_sponsors_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-sponsor-tiers NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M16.004 1.25C18.311 1.25 20 3.128 20 5.75c0 2.292-1.23 4.464-3.295 6.485-.481.47-.98.909-1.482 1.31l.265 1.32 1.375 7.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.982.844l-3.512-1.207a.75.75 0 0 0-.488 0L8.37 23.209a.75.75 0 0 1-.982-.844l1.378-7.512.261-1.309c-.5-.4-1-.838-1.481-1.31C5.479 10.215 4.25 8.043 4.25 5.75c0-2.622 1.689-4.5 3.996-4.5 1.55 0 2.947.752 3.832 1.967l.047.067.047-.067a4.726 4.726 0 0 1 3.612-1.962l.22-.005ZM13.89 14.531c-.418.285-.828.542-1.218.77l-.18.103a.75.75 0 0 1-.734 0l-.071-.04-.46-.272c-.282-.173-.573-.36-.868-.562l-.121.605-1.145 6.239 2.3-.79a2.248 2.248 0 0 1 1.284-.054l.18.053 2.299.79-1.141-6.226-.125-.616ZM16.004 2.75c-1.464 0-2.731.983-3.159 2.459-.209.721-1.231.721-1.44 0-.428-1.476-1.695-2.459-3.16-2.459-1.44 0-2.495 1.173-2.495 3 0 1.811 1.039 3.647 2.844 5.412a19.624 19.624 0 0 0 3.734 2.84l-.019-.011-.184-.111.147-.088a19.81 19.81 0 0 0 3.015-2.278l.37-.352C17.46 9.397 18.5 7.561 18.5 5.75c0-1.827-1.055-3-2.496-3Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">GitHub Sponsors</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Fund open source developers</span></div></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">PROGRAMS</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://securitylab.github.com" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;security_lab&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;security_lab_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Security Lab</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li><li><a href="https://maintainers.github.com" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;maintainer_community&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;maintainer_community_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Maintainer Community</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/accelerator" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;accelerator&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;accelerator_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Accelerator</span></a></li><li><a href="https://stars.github.com" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;github_stars&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;github_stars_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">GitHub Stars</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li><li><a href="https://archiveprogram.github.com" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;archive_program&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;archive_program_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Archive Program</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">REPOSITORIES</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/topics" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;topics&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;topics_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Topics</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/trending" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;trending&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;trending_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Trending</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/collections" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;collections&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;collections_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Collections</span></a></li></ul></div></li></ul></div></div></li><li><div class="NavDropdown-module__container__l2YeI js-details-container js-header-menu-item"><button type="button" class="NavDropdown-module__button__PEHWX js-details-target" aria-expanded="false">Enterprise<svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavDropdown-module__buttonIcon__Tkl8_" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></button><div class="NavDropdown-module__dropdown__xm1jd"><ul class="NavDropdown-module__list__zuCgG"><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/enterprise" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;enterprise_platform&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;enterprise&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;enterprise_platform_link_enterprise_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-stack NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M11.063 1.456a1.749 1.749 0 0 1 1.874 0l8.383 5.316a1.751 1.751 0 0 1 0 2.956l-8.383 5.316a1.749 1.749 0 0 1-1.874 0L2.68 9.728a1.751 1.751 0 0 1 0-2.956Zm1.071 1.267a.25.25 0 0 0-.268 0L3.483 8.039a.25.25 0 0 0 0 .422l8.383 5.316a.25.25 0 0 0 .268 0l8.383-5.316a.25.25 0 0 0 0-.422Z"></path><path d="M1.867 12.324a.75.75 0 0 1 1.035-.232l8.964 5.685a.25.25 0 0 0 .268 0l8.964-5.685a.75.75 0 0 1 .804 1.267l-8.965 5.685a1.749 1.749 0 0 1-1.874 0l-8.965-5.685a.75.75 0 0 1-.231-1.035Z"></path><path d="M1.867 16.324a.75.75 0 0 1 1.035-.232l8.964 5.685a.25.25 0 0 0 .268 0l8.964-5.685a.75.75 0 0 1 .804 1.267l-8.965 5.685a1.749 1.749 0 0 1-1.874 0l-8.965-5.685a.75.75 0 0 1-.231-1.035Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Enterprise platform</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">AI-powered developer platform</span></div></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">AVAILABLE ADD-ONS</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/security/advanced-security" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;github_advanced_security&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;enterprise&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;github_advanced_security_link_enterprise_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-shield-check NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M16.53 9.78a.75.75 0 0 0-1.06-1.06L11 13.19l-1.97-1.97a.75.75 0 0 0-1.06 1.06l2.5 2.5a.75.75 0 0 0 1.06 0l5-5Z"></path><path d="m12.54.637 8.25 2.675A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 22 4.976V10c0 6.19-3.771 10.704-9.401 12.83a1.704 1.704 0 0 1-1.198 0C5.77 20.705 2 16.19 2 10V4.976c0-.758.489-1.43 1.21-1.664L11.46.637a1.748 1.748 0 0 1 1.08 0Zm-.617 1.426-8.25 2.676a.249.249 0 0 0-.173.237V10c0 5.46 3.28 9.483 8.43 11.426a.199.199 0 0 0 .14 0C17.22 19.483 20.5 15.461 20.5 10V4.976a.25.25 0 0 0-.173-.237l-8.25-2.676a.253.253 0 0 0-.154 0Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">GitHub Advanced Security</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Enterprise-grade security features</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/features/copilot/copilot-business" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;copilot_for_business&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;enterprise&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;copilot_for_business_link_enterprise_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-copilot NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M23.922 16.992c-.861 1.495-5.859 5.023-11.922 5.023-6.063 0-11.061-3.528-11.922-5.023A.641.641 0 0 1 0 16.736v-2.869a.841.841 0 0 1 .053-.22c.372-.935 1.347-2.292 2.605-2.656.167-.429.414-1.055.644-1.517a10.195 10.195 0 0 1-.052-1.086c0-1.331.282-2.499 1.132-3.368.397-.406.89-.717 1.474-.952 1.399-1.136 3.392-2.093 6.122-2.093 2.731 0 4.767.957 6.166 2.093.584.235 1.077.546 1.474.952.85.869 1.132 2.037 1.132 3.368 0 .368-.014.733-.052 1.086.23.462.477 1.088.644 1.517 1.258.364 2.233 1.721 2.605 2.656a.832.832 0 0 1 .053.22v2.869a.641.641 0 0 1-.078.256ZM12.172 11h-.344a4.323 4.323 0 0 1-.355.508C10.703 12.455 9.555 13 7.965 13c-1.725 0-2.989-.359-3.782-1.259a2.005 2.005 0 0 1-.085-.104L4 11.741v6.585c1.435.779 4.514 2.179 8 2.179 3.486 0 6.565-1.4 8-2.179v-6.585l-.098-.104s-.033.045-.085.104c-.793.9-2.057 1.259-3.782 1.259-1.59 0-2.738-.545-3.508-1.492a4.323 4.323 0 0 1-.355-.508h-.016.016Zm.641-2.935c.136 1.057.403 1.913.878 2.497.442.544 1.134.938 2.344.938 1.573 0 2.292-.337 2.657-.751.384-.435.558-1.15.558-2.361 0-1.14-.243-1.847-.705-2.319-.477-.488-1.319-.862-2.824-1.025-1.487-.161-2.192.138-2.533.529-.269.307-.437.808-.438 1.578v.021c0 .265.021.562.063.893Zm-1.626 0c.042-.331.063-.628.063-.894v-.02c-.001-.77-.169-1.271-.438-1.578-.341-.391-1.046-.69-2.533-.529-1.505.163-2.347.537-2.824 1.025-.462.472-.705 1.179-.705 2.319 0 1.211.175 1.926.558 2.361.365.414 1.084.751 2.657.751 1.21 0 1.902-.394 2.344-.938.475-.584.742-1.44.878-2.497Z"></path><path d="M14.5 14.25a1 1 0 0 1 1 1v2a1 1 0 0 1-2 0v-2a1 1 0 0 1 1-1Zm-5 0a1 1 0 0 1 1 1v2a1 1 0 0 1-2 0v-2a1 1 0 0 1 1-1Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Copilot for Business</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Enterprise-grade AI features</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/premium-support" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;premium_support&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;enterprise&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;premium_support_link_enterprise_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-comment-discussion NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M1.75 1h12.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v9.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 14H8.061l-2.574 2.573A1.458 1.458 0 0 1 3 15.543V14H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 12.25v-9.5C0 1.784.784 1 1.75 1ZM1.5 2.75v9.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h2a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v2.19l2.72-2.72a.749.749 0 0 1 .53-.22h6.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-9.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25H1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25Z"></path><path d="M22.5 8.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25h-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h3.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v9.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 22.25 20H21v1.543a1.457 1.457 0 0 1-2.487 1.03L15.939 20H10.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 9 18.25v-1.465a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v1.465c0 .138.112.25.25.25h5.5a.75.75 0 0 1 .53.22l2.72 2.72v-2.19a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75h2a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-9.5Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Premium Support</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Enterprise-grade 24/7 support</span></div></a></li></ul></div></li></ul></div></div></li><li><a href="https://github.com/pricing" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;pricing&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;pricing&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;pricing_link_pricing_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4 MarketingNavigation-module__navLink__hUomM"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Pricing</span></a></li></ul></nav><script type="application/json" id="__PRIMER_DATA__R_0___">{"resolvedServerColorMode":"day"}</script></div>
</react-partial>



        <div class="d-flex flex-column flex-lg-row width-full flex-justify-end flex-lg-items-center text-center tmp-mt-3 tmp-mt-lg-0 text-lg-left tmp-ml-lg-3">
                


<qbsearch-input class="search-input" data-scope="repo:pallets/click" data-custom-scopes-path="/search/custom_scopes" data-delete-custom-scopes-csrf="wGVNEhdHFZIHvOJvwQgFKtqby-4cwFc1LLuJke-Lagb7cDMTmSp-jIVLu5pkAU2O9TAyww1HA0qGxkelIdHZQg" data-max-custom-scopes="10" data-header-redesign-enabled="false" data-initial-value="" data-blackbird-suggestions-path="/search/suggestions" data-jump-to-suggestions-path="/_graphql/GetSuggestedNavigationDestinations" data-current-repository="pallets/click" data-current-org="pallets" data-current-owner="" data-logged-in="false" data-copilot-chat-enabled="false" data-nl-search-enabled="false" data-retain-scroll-position="true">
  <div
    class="search-input-container search-with-dialog position-relative d-flex flex-row flex-items-center tmp-mr-4 rounded"
    data-action="click:qbsearch-input#searchInputContainerClicked"
  >
      <button
        type="button"
        class="header-search-button placeholder  input-button form-control d-flex flex-1 flex-self-stretch flex-items-center no-wrap width-full py-0 pl-2 pr-0 text-left border-0 box-shadow-none"
        data-target="qbsearch-input.inputButton"
        aria-label="Search or jump to…"
        aria-haspopup="dialog"
        placeholder="Search or jump to..."
        data-hotkey=s,/
        autocapitalize="off"
        data-analytics-event="{&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;searchbar&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;global&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;input&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;searchbar_input_global_navbar&quot;}"
        data-action="click:qbsearch-input#handleExpand"
      >
        <div class="mr-2 color-fg-muted">
          <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-search">
    <path d="M10.68 11.74a6 6 0 0 1-7.922-8.982 6 6 0 0 1 8.982 7.922l3.04 3.04a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215ZM11.5 7a4.499 4.499 0 1 0-8.997 0A4.499 4.499 0 0 0 11.5 7Z"></path>
</svg>
        </div>
        <span class="flex-1" data-target="qbsearch-input.inputButtonText">Search or jump to...</span>
          <div class="d-flex" data-target="qbsearch-input.hotkeyIndicator">
            <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="22" height="20" aria-hidden="true" class="mr-1"><path fill="none" stroke="#979A9C" opacity=".4" d="M3.5.5h12c1.7 0 3 1.3 3 3v13c0 1.7-1.3 3-3 3h-12c-1.7 0-3-1.3-3-3v-13c0-1.7 1.3-3 3-3z"></path><path fill="#979A9C" d="M11.8 6L8 15.1h-.9L10.8 6h1z"></path></svg>
          </div>
      </button>

    <input type="hidden" name="type" class="js-site-search-type-field">

    
<div class="Overlay--hidden " data-modal-dialog-overlay>
  <modal-dialog data-action="close:qbsearch-input#handleClose cancel:qbsearch-input#handleClose" data-target="qbsearch-input.searchSuggestionsDialog" role="dialog" id="search-suggestions-dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="search-suggestions-dialog-header" data-view-component="true" class="Overlay Overlay--width-large Overlay--height-auto">
      <h1 id="search-suggestions-dialog-header" class="sr-only">Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests...</h1>
    <div class="Overlay-body Overlay-body--paddingNone">
      
          <div data-view-component="true">        <div class="search-suggestions position-fixed width-full color-shadow-large border color-fg-default color-bg-default overflow-hidden d-flex flex-column query-builder-container"
          style="border-radius: 12px;"
          data-target="qbsearch-input.queryBuilderContainer"
          hidden
        >
          <!-- '"` --><!-- </textarea></xmp> --></option></form><form id="query-builder-test-form" action="" accept-charset="UTF-8" method="get">
  <query-builder data-target="qbsearch-input.queryBuilder" id="query-builder-query-builder-test" data-filter-key=":" data-view-component="true" class="QueryBuilder search-query-builder">
    <div class="FormControl FormControl--fullWidth">
      <label id="query-builder-test-label" for="query-builder-test" class="FormControl-label sr-only">
        Search
      </label>
      <div
        class="QueryBuilder-StyledInput width-fit "
        data-target="query-builder.styledInput"
      >
          <span id="query-builder-test-leadingvisual-wrap" class="FormControl-input-leadingVisualWrap QueryBuilder-leadingVisualWrap">
            <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-search FormControl-input-leadingVisual">
    <path d="M10.68 11.74a6 6 0 0 1-7.922-8.982 6 6 0 0 1 8.982 7.922l3.04 3.04a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215ZM11.5 7a4.499 4.499 0 1 0-8.997 0A4.499 4.499 0 0 0 11.5 7Z"></path>
</svg>
          </span>
        <div data-target="query-builder.styledInputContainer" class="QueryBuilder-StyledInputContainer">
          <div
            aria-hidden="true"
            class="QueryBuilder-StyledInputContent"
            data-target="query-builder.styledInputContent"
          ></div>
          <div class="QueryBuilder-InputWrapper">
            <div aria-hidden="true" class="QueryBuilder-Sizer" data-target="query-builder.sizer"></div>
            <input id="query-builder-test" name="query-builder-test" value="" autocomplete="off" type="text" role="combobox" spellcheck="false" aria-expanded="false" aria-describedby="validation-b659f225-2d53-40b7-bbf4-242d4750d24e" data-target="query-builder.input" data-action="
          input:query-builder#inputChange
          blur:query-builder#inputBlur
          keydown:query-builder#inputKeydown
          focus:query-builder#inputFocus
        " data-view-component="true" class="FormControl-input QueryBuilder-Input FormControl-medium" />
          </div>
        </div>
          <span data-target="query-builder.clearButton" hidden>
            <span class="sr-only" id="query-builder-test-clear">Clear</span>
            <button role="button" id="query-builder-test-clear-button" aria-labelledby="query-builder-test-clear query-builder-test-label" data-action="
                  click:query-builder#clear
                  focus:query-builder#clearButtonFocus
                  blur:query-builder#clearButtonBlur
                " variant="small" type="button" data-view-component="true" class="Button Button--iconOnly Button--invisible Button--medium mr-1 tmp-mr-1 px-2 tmp-px-2 py-0 tmp-py-0 d-flex flex-items-center rounded-1 color-fg-muted">  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-x-circle-fill Button-visual">
    <path d="M2.343 13.657A8 8 0 1 1 13.658 2.343 8 8 0 0 1 2.343 13.657ZM6.03 4.97a.751.751 0 0 0-1.042.018.751.751 0 0 0-.018 1.042L6.94 8 4.97 9.97a.749.749 0 0 0 .326 1.275.749.749 0 0 0 .734-.215L8 9.06l1.97 1.97a.749.749 0 0 0 1.275-.326.749.749 0 0 0-.215-.734L9.06 8l1.97-1.97a.749.749 0 0 0-.326-1.275.749.749 0 0 0-.734.215L8 6.94Z"></path>
</svg>
</button>

          </span>
      </div>
      <template id="search-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-search">
    <path d="M10.68 11.74a6 6 0 0 1-7.922-8.982 6 6 0 0 1 8.982 7.922l3.04 3.04a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215ZM11.5 7a4.499 4.499 0 1 0-8.997 0A4.499 4.499 0 0 0 11.5 7Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="code-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-code">
    <path d="m11.28 3.22 4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.749.749 0 0 1-1.275-.326.749.749 0 0 1 .215-.734L13.94 8l-3.72-3.72a.749.749 0 0 1 .326-1.275.749.749 0 0 1 .734.215Zm-6.56 0a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042L2.06 8l3.72 3.72a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L.47 8.53a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="file-code-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-file-code">
    <path d="M4 1.75C4 .784 4.784 0 5.75 0h5.586c.464 0 .909.184 1.237.513l2.914 2.914c.329.328.513.773.513 1.237v8.586A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 15h-9a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h9a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V6h-2.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 10 4.25V1.5H5.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v2.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0Zm1.72 4.97a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l2 2a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-2 2a.749.749 0 0 1-1.275-.326.749.749 0 0 1 .215-.734l1.47-1.47-1.47-1.47a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06ZM3.28 7.78 1.81 9.25l1.47 1.47a.751.751 0 0 1-.018 1.042.751.751 0 0 1-1.042.018l-2-2a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06l2-2a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042Zm8.22-6.218V4.25c0 .138.112.25.25.25h2.688l-.011-.013-2.914-2.914-.013-.011Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="history-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-history">
    <path d="m.427 1.927 1.215 1.215a8.002 8.002 0 1 1-1.6 5.685.75.75 0 1 1 1.493-.154 6.5 6.5 0 1 0 1.18-4.458l1.358 1.358A.25.25 0 0 1 3.896 6H.25A.25.25 0 0 1 0 5.75V2.104a.25.25 0 0 1 .427-.177ZM7.75 4a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v2.992l2.028.812a.75.75 0 0 1-.557 1.392l-2.5-1A.751.751 0 0 1 7 8.25v-3.5A.75.75 0 0 1 7.75 4Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="repo-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-repo">
    <path d="M2 2.5A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 4.5 0h8.75a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v12.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75h-2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h1.75v-2h-8a1 1 0 0 0-.714 1.7.75.75 0 1 1-1.072 1.05A2.495 2.495 0 0 1 2 11.5Zm10.5-1h-8a1 1 0 0 0-1 1v6.708A2.486 2.486 0 0 1 4.5 9h8ZM5 12.25a.25.25 0 0 1 .25-.25h3.5a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v3.25a.25.25 0 0 1-.4.2l-1.45-1.087a.249.249 0 0 0-.3 0L5.4 15.7a.25.25 0 0 1-.4-.2Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="bookmark-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-bookmark">
    <path d="M3 2.75C3 1.784 3.784 1 4.75 1h6.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v11.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.227.579L8 11.722l-3.773 3.107A.751.751 0 0 1 3 14.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v9.91l3.023-2.489a.75.75 0 0 1 .954 0l3.023 2.49V2.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="plus-circle-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-plus-circle">
    <path d="M8 0a8 8 0 1 1 0 16A8 8 0 0 1 8 0ZM1.5 8a6.5 6.5 0 1 0 13 0 6.5 6.5 0 0 0-13 0Zm7.25-3.25v2.5h2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-2.5v2.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0v-2.5h-2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h2.5v-2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="circle-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-dot-fill">
    <path d="M8 4a4 4 0 1 1 0 8 4 4 0 0 1 0-8Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="trash-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-trash">
    <path d="M11 1.75V3h2.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5H2.75a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5H5V1.75C5 .784 5.784 0 6.75 0h2.5C10.216 0 11 .784 11 1.75ZM4.496 6.675l.66 6.6a.25.25 0 0 0 .249.225h5.19a.25.25 0 0 0 .249-.225l.66-6.6a.75.75 0 0 1 1.492.149l-.66 6.6A1.748 1.748 0 0 1 10.595 15h-5.19a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.741-1.575l-.66-6.6a.75.75 0 1 1 1.492-.15ZM6.5 1.75V3h3V1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25h-2.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="team-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-people">
    <path d="M2 5.5a3.5 3.5 0 1 1 5.898 2.549 5.508 5.508 0 0 1 3.034 4.084.75.75 0 1 1-1.482.235 4 4 0 0 0-7.9 0 .75.75 0 0 1-1.482-.236A5.507 5.507 0 0 1 3.102 8.05 3.493 3.493 0 0 1 2 5.5ZM11 4a3.001 3.001 0 0 1 2.22 5.018 5.01 5.01 0 0 1 2.56 3.012.749.749 0 0 1-.885.954.752.752 0 0 1-.549-.514 3.507 3.507 0 0 0-2.522-2.372.75.75 0 0 1-.574-.73v-.352a.75.75 0 0 1 .416-.672A1.5 1.5 0 0 0 11 5.5.75.75 0 0 1 11 4Zm-5.5-.5a2 2 0 1 0-.001 3.999A2 2 0 0 0 5.5 3.5Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="project-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-project">
    <path d="M1.75 0h12.5C15.216 0 16 .784 16 1.75v12.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 16H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25V1.75C0 .784.784 0 1.75 0ZM1.5 1.75v12.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h12.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25H1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25ZM11.75 3a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v7.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0v-7.5a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75Zm-8.25.75a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v5.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0ZM8 3a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v3.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0v-3.5A.75.75 0 0 1 8 3Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="pencil-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-pencil">
    <path d="M11.013 1.427a1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2.474 0l1.086 1.086a1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 2.474l-8.61 8.61c-.21.21-.47.364-.756.445l-3.251.93a.75.75 0 0 1-.927-.928l.929-3.25c.081-.286.235-.547.445-.758l8.61-8.61Zm.176 4.823L9.75 4.81l-6.286 6.287a.253.253 0 0 0-.064.108l-.558 1.953 1.953-.558a.253.253 0 0 0 .108-.064Zm1.238-3.763a.25.25 0 0 0-.354 0L10.811 3.75l1.439 1.44 1.263-1.263a.25.25 0 0 0 0-.354Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="copilot-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-copilot">
    <path d="M7.998 15.035c-4.562 0-7.873-2.914-7.998-3.749V9.338c.085-.628.677-1.686 1.588-2.065.013-.07.024-.143.036-.218.029-.183.06-.384.126-.612-.201-.508-.254-1.084-.254-1.656 0-.87.128-1.769.693-2.484.579-.733 1.494-1.124 2.724-1.261 1.206-.134 2.262.034 2.944.765.05.053.096.108.139.165.044-.057.094-.112.143-.165.682-.731 1.738-.899 2.944-.765 1.23.137 2.145.528 2.724 1.261.566.715.693 1.614.693 2.484 0 .572-.053 1.148-.254 1.656.066.228.098.429.126.612.012.076.024.148.037.218.924.385 1.522 1.471 1.591 2.095v1.872c0 .766-3.351 3.795-8.002 3.795Zm0-1.485c2.28 0 4.584-1.11 5.002-1.433V7.862l-.023-.116c-.49.21-1.075.291-1.727.291-1.146 0-2.059-.327-2.71-.991A3.222 3.222 0 0 1 8 6.303a3.24 3.24 0 0 1-.544.743c-.65.664-1.563.991-2.71.991-.652 0-1.236-.081-1.727-.291l-.023.116v4.255c.419.323 2.722 1.433 5.002 1.433ZM6.762 2.83c-.193-.206-.637-.413-1.682-.297-1.019.113-1.479.404-1.713.7-.247.312-.369.789-.369 1.554 0 .793.129 1.171.308 1.371.162.181.519.379 1.442.379.853 0 1.339-.235 1.638-.54.315-.322.527-.827.617-1.553.117-.935-.037-1.395-.241-1.614Zm4.155-.297c-1.044-.116-1.488.091-1.681.297-.204.219-.359.679-.242 1.614.091.726.303 1.231.618 1.553.299.305.784.54 1.638.54.922 0 1.28-.198 1.442-.379.179-.2.308-.578.308-1.371 0-.765-.123-1.242-.37-1.554-.233-.296-.693-.587-1.713-.7Z"></path><path d="M6.25 9.037a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v1.501a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0V9.787a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75Zm4.25.75v1.501a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0V9.787a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="copilot-error-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-copilot-error">
    <path d="M16 11.24c0 .112-.072.274-.21.467L13 9.688V7.862l-.023-.116c-.49.21-1.075.291-1.727.291-.198 0-.388-.009-.571-.029L6.833 5.226a4.01 4.01 0 0 0 .17-.782c.117-.935-.037-1.395-.241-1.614-.193-.206-.637-.413-1.682-.297-.683.076-1.115.231-1.395.415l-1.257-.91c.579-.564 1.413-.877 2.485-.996 1.206-.134 2.262.034 2.944.765.05.053.096.108.139.165.044-.057.094-.112.143-.165.682-.731 1.738-.899 2.944-.765 1.23.137 2.145.528 2.724 1.261.566.715.693 1.614.693 2.484 0 .572-.053 1.148-.254 1.656.066.228.098.429.126.612.012.076.024.148.037.218.924.385 1.522 1.471 1.591 2.095Zm-5.083-8.707c-1.044-.116-1.488.091-1.681.297-.204.219-.359.679-.242 1.614.091.726.303 1.231.618 1.553.299.305.784.54 1.638.54.922 0 1.28-.198 1.442-.379.179-.2.308-.578.308-1.371 0-.765-.123-1.242-.37-1.554-.233-.296-.693-.587-1.713-.7Zm2.511 11.074c-1.393.776-3.272 1.428-5.43 1.428-4.562 0-7.873-2.914-7.998-3.749V9.338c.085-.628.677-1.686 1.588-2.065.013-.07.024-.143.036-.218.029-.183.06-.384.126-.612-.18-.455-.241-.963-.252-1.475L.31 4.107A.747.747 0 0 1 0 3.509V3.49a.748.748 0 0 1 .625-.73c.156-.026.306.047.435.139l14.667 10.578a.592.592 0 0 1 .227.264.752.752 0 0 1 .046.249v.022a.75.75 0 0 1-1.19.596Zm-1.367-.991L5.635 7.964a5.128 5.128 0 0 1-.889.073c-.652 0-1.236-.081-1.727-.291l-.023.116v4.255c.419.323 2.722 1.433 5.002 1.433 1.539 0 3.089-.505 4.063-.934Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="workflow-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-workflow">
    <path d="M0 1.75C0 .784.784 0 1.75 0h3.5C6.216 0 7 .784 7 1.75v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 5.25 7H4v4a1 1 0 0 0 1 1h4v-1.25C9 9.784 9.784 9 10.75 9h3.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 16h-3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 9 14.25v-.75H5A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 2.5 11V7h-.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 5.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v3.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h3.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Zm9 9a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v3.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h3.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="book-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-book">
    <path d="M0 1.75A.75.75 0 0 1 .75 1h4.253c1.227 0 2.317.59 3 1.501A3.743 3.743 0 0 1 11.006 1h4.245a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v10.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75h-4.507a2.25 2.25 0 0 0-1.591.659l-.622.621a.75.75 0 0 1-1.06 0l-.622-.621A2.25 2.25 0 0 0 5.258 13H.75a.75.75 0 0 1-.75-.75Zm7.251 10.324.004-5.073-.002-2.253A2.25 2.25 0 0 0 5.003 2.5H1.5v9h3.757a3.75 3.75 0 0 1 1.994.574ZM8.755 4.75l-.004 7.322a3.752 3.752 0 0 1 1.992-.572H14.5v-9h-3.495a2.25 2.25 0 0 0-2.25 2.25Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="code-review-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-code-review">
    <path d="M1.75 1h12.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 13H8.061l-2.574 2.573A1.458 1.458 0 0 1 3 14.543V13H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 11.25v-8.5C0 1.784.784 1 1.75 1ZM1.5 2.75v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h2a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v2.19l2.72-2.72a.749.749 0 0 1 .53-.22h6.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-8.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25H1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25Zm5.28 1.72a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06L5.31 7l1.47 1.47a.751.751 0 0 1-.018 1.042.751.751 0 0 1-1.042.018l-2-2a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06l2-2a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0Zm2.44 0a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l2 2a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-2 2a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L10.69 7 9.22 5.53a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="codespaces-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-codespaces">
    <path d="M0 11.25c0-.966.784-1.75 1.75-1.75h12.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v3A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 16H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25Zm2-9.5C2 .784 2.784 0 3.75 0h8.5C13.216 0 14 .784 14 1.75v5a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.75 1.75h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 6.75Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Zm-2 9.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v3c0 .138.112.25.25.25h12.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path><path d="M7 12.75a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75h4.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-4.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.75-.75Zm-4 0a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.75-.75Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="comment-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-comment">
    <path d="M1 2.75C1 1.784 1.784 1 2.75 1h10.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 13.25 12H9.06l-2.573 2.573A1.458 1.458 0 0 1 4 13.543V12H2.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 1 10.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h2a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v2.19l2.72-2.72a.749.749 0 0 1 .53-.22h4.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-7.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="comment-discussion-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-comment-discussion">
    <path d="M1.75 1h8.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v5.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 10.25 10H7.061l-2.574 2.573A1.458 1.458 0 0 1 2 11.543V10h-.25A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 8.25v-5.5C0 1.784.784 1 1.75 1ZM1.5 2.75v5.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h1a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v2.19l2.72-2.72a.749.749 0 0 1 .53-.22h3.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-5.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25h-8.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25Zm13 2a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25h-.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v5.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 12H14v1.543a1.458 1.458 0 0 1-2.487 1.03L9.22 12.28a.749.749 0 0 1 .326-1.275.749.749 0 0 1 .734.215l2.22 2.22v-2.19a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75h1a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="organization-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-organization">
    <path d="M1.75 16A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25V1.75C0 .784.784 0 1.75 0h8.5C11.216 0 12 .784 12 1.75v12.5c0 .085-.006.168-.018.25h2.268a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V8.285a.25.25 0 0 0-.111-.208l-1.055-.703a.749.749 0 1 1 .832-1.248l1.055.703c.487.325.779.871.779 1.456v5.965A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 16h-3.5a.766.766 0 0 1-.197-.026c-.099.017-.2.026-.303.026h-3a.75.75 0 0 1-.75-.75V14h-1v1.25a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75Zm-.25-1.75c0 .138.112.25.25.25H4v-1.25a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75h2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v1.25h2.25a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25h-8.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25ZM3.75 6h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5ZM3 3.75A.75.75 0 0 1 3.75 3h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5A.75.75 0 0 1 3 3.75Zm4 3A.75.75 0 0 1 7.75 6h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5A.75.75 0 0 1 7 6.75ZM7.75 3h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5ZM3 9.75A.75.75 0 0 1 3.75 9h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5A.75.75 0 0 1 3 9.75ZM7.75 9h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="rocket-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-rocket">
    <path d="M14.064 0h.186C15.216 0 16 .784 16 1.75v.186a8.752 8.752 0 0 1-2.564 6.186l-.458.459c-.314.314-.641.616-.979.904v3.207c0 .608-.315 1.172-.833 1.49l-2.774 1.707a.749.749 0 0 1-1.11-.418l-.954-3.102a1.214 1.214 0 0 1-.145-.125L3.754 9.816a1.218 1.218 0 0 1-.124-.145L.528 8.717a.749.749 0 0 1-.418-1.11l1.71-2.774A1.748 1.748 0 0 1 3.31 4h3.204c.288-.338.59-.665.904-.979l.459-.458A8.749 8.749 0 0 1 14.064 0ZM8.938 3.623h-.002l-.458.458c-.76.76-1.437 1.598-2.02 2.5l-1.5 2.317 2.143 2.143 2.317-1.5c.902-.583 1.74-1.26 2.499-2.02l.459-.458a7.25 7.25 0 0 0 2.123-5.127V1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25h-.186a7.249 7.249 0 0 0-5.125 2.123ZM3.56 14.56c-.732.732-2.334 1.045-3.005 1.148a.234.234 0 0 1-.201-.064.234.234 0 0 1-.064-.201c.103-.671.416-2.273 1.15-3.003a1.502 1.502 0 1 1 2.12 2.12Zm6.94-3.935c-.088.06-.177.118-.266.175l-2.35 1.521.548 1.783 1.949-1.2a.25.25 0 0 0 .119-.213ZM3.678 8.116 5.2 5.766c.058-.09.117-.178.176-.266H3.309a.25.25 0 0 0-.213.119l-1.2 1.95ZM12 5a1 1 0 1 1-2 0 1 1 0 0 1 2 0Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="shield-check-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-shield-check">
    <path d="m8.533.133 5.25 1.68A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 15 3.48V7c0 1.566-.32 3.182-1.303 4.682-.983 1.498-2.585 2.813-5.032 3.855a1.697 1.697 0 0 1-1.33 0c-2.447-1.042-4.049-2.357-5.032-3.855C1.32 10.182 1 8.566 1 7V3.48a1.75 1.75 0 0 1 1.217-1.667l5.25-1.68a1.748 1.748 0 0 1 1.066 0Zm-.61 1.429.001.001-5.25 1.68a.251.251 0 0 0-.174.237V7c0 1.36.275 2.666 1.057 3.859.784 1.194 2.121 2.342 4.366 3.298a.196.196 0 0 0 .154 0c2.245-.957 3.582-2.103 4.366-3.297C13.225 9.666 13.5 8.358 13.5 7V3.48a.25.25 0 0 0-.174-.238l-5.25-1.68a.25.25 0 0 0-.153 0ZM11.28 6.28l-3.5 3.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.06 0l-1.5-1.5a.749.749 0 0 1 .326-1.275.749.749 0 0 1 .734.215l.97.97 2.97-2.97a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="heart-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-heart">
    <path d="m8 14.25.345.666a.75.75 0 0 1-.69 0l-.008-.004-.018-.01a7.152 7.152 0 0 1-.31-.17 22.055 22.055 0 0 1-3.434-2.414C2.045 10.731 0 8.35 0 5.5 0 2.836 2.086 1 4.25 1 5.797 1 7.153 1.802 8 3.02 8.847 1.802 10.203 1 11.75 1 13.914 1 16 2.836 16 5.5c0 2.85-2.045 5.231-3.885 6.818a22.066 22.066 0 0 1-3.744 2.584l-.018.01-.006.003h-.002ZM4.25 2.5c-1.336 0-2.75 1.164-2.75 3 0 2.15 1.58 4.144 3.365 5.682A20.58 20.58 0 0 0 8 13.393a20.58 20.58 0 0 0 3.135-2.211C12.92 9.644 14.5 7.65 14.5 5.5c0-1.836-1.414-3-2.75-3-1.373 0-2.609.986-3.029 2.456a.749.749 0 0 1-1.442 0C6.859 3.486 5.623 2.5 4.25 2.5Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="server-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-server">
    <path d="M1.75 1h12.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v4c0 .372-.116.717-.314 1 .198.283.314.628.314 1v4a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.75 1.75H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 12.75v-4c0-.358.109-.707.314-1a1.739 1.739 0 0 1-.314-1v-4C0 1.784.784 1 1.75 1ZM1.5 2.75v4c0 .138.112.25.25.25h12.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-4a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25H1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25Zm.25 5.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v4c0 .138.112.25.25.25h12.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-4a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25ZM7 4.75A.75.75 0 0 1 7.75 4h4.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-4.5A.75.75 0 0 1 7 4.75ZM7.75 10h4.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-4.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5ZM3 4.75A.75.75 0 0 1 3.75 4h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5A.75.75 0 0 1 3 4.75ZM3.75 10h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="globe-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-globe">
    <path d="M8 0a8 8 0 1 1 0 16A8 8 0 0 1 8 0ZM5.78 8.75a9.64 9.64 0 0 0 1.363 4.177c.255.426.542.832.857 1.215.245-.296.551-.705.857-1.215A9.64 9.64 0 0 0 10.22 8.75Zm4.44-1.5a9.64 9.64 0 0 0-1.363-4.177c-.307-.51-.612-.919-.857-1.215a9.927 9.927 0 0 0-.857 1.215A9.64 9.64 0 0 0 5.78 7.25Zm-5.944 1.5H1.543a6.507 6.507 0 0 0 4.666 5.5c-.123-.181-.24-.365-.352-.552-.715-1.192-1.437-2.874-1.581-4.948Zm-2.733-1.5h2.733c.144-2.074.866-3.756 1.58-4.948.12-.197.237-.381.353-.552a6.507 6.507 0 0 0-4.666 5.5Zm10.181 1.5c-.144 2.074-.866 3.756-1.58 4.948-.12.197-.237.381-.353.552a6.507 6.507 0 0 0 4.666-5.5Zm2.733-1.5a6.507 6.507 0 0 0-4.666-5.5c.123.181.24.365.353.552.714 1.192 1.436 2.874 1.58 4.948Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="issue-opened-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-issue-opened">
    <path d="M8 9.5a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Z"></path><path d="M8 0a8 8 0 1 1 0 16A8 8 0 0 1 8 0ZM1.5 8a6.5 6.5 0 1 0 13 0 6.5 6.5 0 0 0-13 0Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="device-mobile-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-device-mobile">
    <path d="M3.75 0h8.5C13.216 0 14 .784 14 1.75v12.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 16h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 14.25V1.75C2 .784 2.784 0 3.75 0ZM3.5 1.75v12.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25h-8.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25ZM8 13a1 1 0 1 1 0-2 1 1 0 0 1 0 2Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="package-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-package">
    <path d="m8.878.392 5.25 3.045c.54.314.872.89.872 1.514v6.098a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-.872 1.514l-5.25 3.045a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.756 0l-5.25-3.045A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 1 11.049V4.951c0-.624.332-1.201.872-1.514L7.122.392a1.75 1.75 0 0 1 1.756 0ZM7.875 1.69l-4.63 2.685L8 7.133l4.755-2.758-4.63-2.685a.248.248 0 0 0-.25 0ZM2.5 5.677v5.372c0 .09.047.171.125.216l4.625 2.683V8.432Zm6.25 8.271 4.625-2.683a.25.25 0 0 0 .125-.216V5.677L8.75 8.432Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="credit-card-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-credit-card">
    <path d="M10.75 9a.75.75 0 0 0 0 1.5h1.5a.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5h-1.5Z"></path><path d="M0 3.75C0 2.784.784 2 1.75 2h12.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 14H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 12.25ZM14.5 6.5h-13v5.75c0 .138.112.25.25.25h12.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25Zm0-2.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25H1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25V5h13Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="play-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-play">
    <path d="M8 0a8 8 0 1 1 0 16A8 8 0 0 1 8 0ZM1.5 8a6.5 6.5 0 1 0 13 0 6.5 6.5 0 0 0-13 0Zm4.879-2.773 4.264 2.559a.25.25 0 0 1 0 .428l-4.264 2.559A.25.25 0 0 1 6 10.559V5.442a.25.25 0 0 1 .379-.215Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="gift-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-gift">
    <path d="M2 2.75A2.75 2.75 0 0 1 4.75 0c.983 0 1.873.42 2.57 1.232.268.318.497.668.68 1.042.183-.375.411-.725.68-1.044C9.376.42 10.266 0 11.25 0a2.75 2.75 0 0 1 2.45 4h.55c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v2c0 .698-.409 1.301-1 1.582v4.918A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 13.25 16H2.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 1 14.25V9.332C.409 9.05 0 8.448 0 7.75v-2C0 4.784.784 4 1.75 4h.55c-.192-.375-.3-.8-.3-1.25ZM7.25 9.5H2.5v4.75c0 .138.112.25.25.25h4.5Zm1.5 0v5h4.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V9.5Zm0-4V8h5.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-2a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Zm-7 0a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v2c0 .138.112.25.25.25h5.5V5.5h-5.5Zm3-4a1.25 1.25 0 0 0 0 2.5h2.309c-.233-.818-.542-1.401-.878-1.793-.43-.502-.915-.707-1.431-.707ZM8.941 4h2.309a1.25 1.25 0 0 0 0-2.5c-.516 0-1 .205-1.43.707-.337.392-.646.975-.879 1.793Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="code-square-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-code-square">
    <path d="M0 1.75C0 .784.784 0 1.75 0h12.5C15.216 0 16 .784 16 1.75v12.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 16H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v12.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h12.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Zm7.47 3.97a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l2 2a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-2 2a.749.749 0 0 1-1.275-.326.749.749 0 0 1 .215-.734L10.69 8 9.22 6.53a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06ZM6.78 6.53 5.31 8l1.47 1.47a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215l-2-2a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06l2-2a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="device-desktop-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-device-desktop">
    <path d="M14.25 1c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 12h-3.727c.099 1.041.52 1.872 1.292 2.757A.752.752 0 0 1 11.25 16h-6.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.565-1.243c.772-.885 1.192-1.716 1.292-2.757H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 10.25v-7.5C0 1.784.784 1 1.75 1ZM1.75 2.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h12.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-7.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25ZM9.018 12H6.982a5.72 5.72 0 0 1-.765 2.5h3.566a5.72 5.72 0 0 1-.765-2.5Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

        <div class="position-relative">
                        <ul
              role="listbox"
              class="ActionListWrap QueryBuilder-ListWrap"
              aria-label="Suggestions"
              data-action="
                combobox-commit:query-builder#comboboxCommit
                mousedown:query-builder#resultsMousedown
              "
              data-target="query-builder.resultsList"
              data-persist-list=false
              id="query-builder-test-results"
              tabindex="-1"
            ></ul>

        </div>
      <div class="FormControl-inlineValidation" id="validation-b659f225-2d53-40b7-bbf4-242d4750d24e" hidden="hidden">
        <span class="FormControl-inlineValidation--visual">
          <svg aria-hidden="true" height="12" viewBox="0 0 12 12" version="1.1" width="12" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-alert-fill">
    <path d="M4.855.708c.5-.896 1.79-.896 2.29 0l4.675 8.351a1.312 1.312 0 0 1-1.146 1.954H1.33A1.313 1.313 0 0 1 .183 9.058ZM7 7V3H5v4Zm-1 3a1 1 0 1 0 0-2 1 1 0 0 0 0 2Z"></path>
</svg>
        </span>
        <span></span>
</div>    </div>
    <div data-target="query-builder.screenReaderFeedback" aria-live="polite" aria-atomic="true" class="sr-only"></div>
</query-builder></form>
          <div class="d-flex flex-row color-fg-muted tmp-px-3 text-small color-bg-default search-feedback-prompt">
            <a target="_blank" href="https://docs.github.com/search-github/github-code-search/understanding-github-code-search-syntax" data-view-component="true" class="Link color-fg-accent text-normal ml-2 tmp-ml-2">Search syntax tips</a>            <div class="d-flex flex-1"></div>
          </div>
        </div>
</div>

    </div>
</modal-dialog></div>
  </div>
  <div data-action="click:qbsearch-input#retract" class="dark-backdrop position-fixed" hidden data-target="qbsearch-input.darkBackdrop"></div>
  <div class="color-fg-default">
    
<dialog-helper>
  <dialog data-target="qbsearch-input.feedbackDialog" data-action="close:qbsearch-input#handleDialogClose cancel:qbsearch-input#handleDialogClose" id="feedback-dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="feedback-dialog-title" aria-describedby="feedback-dialog-description" data-view-component="true" class="Overlay Overlay-whenNarrow Overlay--size-medium Overlay--motion-scaleFade Overlay--disableScroll">
    <div data-view-component="true" class="Overlay-header">
  <div class="Overlay-headerContentWrap">
    <div class="Overlay-titleWrap">
      <h1 class="Overlay-title " id="feedback-dialog-title">
        Provide feedback
      </h1>
        
    </div>
    <div class="Overlay-actionWrap">
      <button data-close-dialog-id="feedback-dialog" aria-label="Close" aria-label="Close" type="button" data-view-component="true" class="close-button Overlay-closeButton"><svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-x">
    <path d="M3.72 3.72a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0L8 6.94l3.22-3.22a.749.749 0 0 1 1.275.326.749.749 0 0 1-.215.734L9.06 8l3.22 3.22a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L8 9.06l-3.22 3.22a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L6.94 8 3.72 4.78a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg></button>
    </div>
  </div>
  
</div>
      <scrollable-region data-labelled-by="feedback-dialog-title">
        <div data-view-component="true" class="Overlay-body">        <!-- '"` --><!-- </textarea></xmp> --></option></form><form id="code-search-feedback-form" data-turbo="false" action="/search/feedback" accept-charset="UTF-8" method="post"><input type="hidden" data-csrf="true" name="authenticity_token" value="T60oahqDllI6AN++bNnESqd3ozjThzi+VD3RtAbGFOq/oe1Fl0EFVxjY9LbsUogii4FlBkZpOLOck2iXrzD7/g==" />
          <p>We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously.</p>
          <textarea name="feedback" class="form-control width-full mb-2" style="height: 120px" id="feedback"></textarea>
          <input name="include_email" id="include_email" aria-label="Include my email address so I can be contacted" class="form-control mr-2" type="checkbox">
          <label for="include_email" style="font-weight: normal">Include my email address so I can be contacted</label>
</form></div>
      </scrollable-region>
      <div data-view-component="true" class="Overlay-footer Overlay-footer--alignEnd">          <button data-close-dialog-id="feedback-dialog" type="button" data-view-component="true" class="btn">    Cancel
</button>
          <button form="code-search-feedback-form" data-action="click:qbsearch-input#submitFeedback" type="submit" data-view-component="true" class="btn-primary btn">    Submit feedback
</button>
</div>
</dialog></dialog-helper>

    <custom-scopes data-target="qbsearch-input.customScopesManager">
    
<dialog-helper>
  <dialog data-target="custom-scopes.customScopesModalDialog" data-action="close:qbsearch-input#handleDialogClose cancel:qbsearch-input#handleDialogClose" id="custom-scopes-dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="custom-scopes-dialog-title" aria-describedby="custom-scopes-dialog-description" data-view-component="true" class="Overlay Overlay-whenNarrow Overlay--size-medium Overlay--motion-scaleFade Overlay--disableScroll">
    <div data-view-component="true" class="Overlay-header Overlay-header--divided">
  <div class="Overlay-headerContentWrap">
    <div class="Overlay-titleWrap">
      <h1 class="Overlay-title " id="custom-scopes-dialog-title">
        Saved searches
      </h1>
        <h2 id="custom-scopes-dialog-description" class="Overlay-description">Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly</h2>
    </div>
    <div class="Overlay-actionWrap">
      <button data-close-dialog-id="custom-scopes-dialog" aria-label="Close" aria-label="Close" type="button" data-view-component="true" class="close-button Overlay-closeButton"><svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-x">
    <path d="M3.72 3.72a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0L8 6.94l3.22-3.22a.749.749 0 0 1 1.275.326.749.749 0 0 1-.215.734L9.06 8l3.22 3.22a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L8 9.06l-3.22 3.22a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L6.94 8 3.72 4.78a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg></button>
    </div>
  </div>
  
</div>
      <scrollable-region data-labelled-by="custom-scopes-dialog-title">
        <div data-view-component="true" class="Overlay-body">        <div data-target="custom-scopes.customScopesModalDialogFlash"></div>

        <div hidden class="create-custom-scope-form" data-target="custom-scopes.createCustomScopeForm">
        <!-- '"` --><!-- </textarea></xmp> --></option></form><form id="custom-scopes-dialog-form" data-turbo="false" action="/search/custom_scopes" accept-charset="UTF-8" method="post"><input type="hidden" data-csrf="true" name="authenticity_token" value="gnMR6tB2/SLttiNfhH9yqVTpLSR2lDLFkaBTDHBW40/FycoJKkI4MLcoSMdRlswoSOS7svlH82hfC8Cpr1JEBw==" />
          <div data-target="custom-scopes.customScopesModalDialogFlash"></div>

          <input type="hidden" id="custom_scope_id" name="custom_scope_id" data-target="custom-scopes.customScopesIdField">

          <div class="form-group">
            <label for="custom_scope_name">Name</label>
            <auto-check src="/search/custom_scopes/check_name" required>
              <input
                type="text"
                name="custom_scope_name"
                id="custom_scope_name"
                data-target="custom-scopes.customScopesNameField"
                class="form-control"
                autocomplete="off"
                placeholder="github-ruby"
                required
                maxlength="50">
              <input type="hidden" data-csrf="true" value="8CR9Z44keuH+G0/95xPr1YkXbtOAgwX6hSp6apdTBj6qx6OtR6MRX+otmuyyHi2momxNNa9iCn8GgmEUUHh3rA==" />
            </auto-check>
          </div>

          <div class="form-group">
            <label for="custom_scope_query">Query</label>
            <input
              type="text"
              name="custom_scope_query"
              id="custom_scope_query"
              data-target="custom-scopes.customScopesQueryField"
              class="form-control"
              autocomplete="off"
              placeholder="(repo:mona/a OR repo:mona/b) AND lang:python"
              required
              maxlength="500">
          </div>

          <p class="text-small color-fg-muted">
            To see all available qualifiers, see our <a class="Link--inTextBlock" href="https://docs.github.com/search-github/github-code-search/understanding-github-code-search-syntax">documentation</a>.
          </p>
</form>        </div>

        <div data-target="custom-scopes.manageCustomScopesForm">
          <div data-target="custom-scopes.list"></div>
        </div>

</div>
      </scrollable-region>
      <div data-view-component="true" class="Overlay-footer Overlay-footer--alignEnd Overlay-footer--divided">          <button data-action="click:custom-scopes#customScopesCancel" type="button" data-view-component="true" class="btn">    Cancel
</button>
          <button form="custom-scopes-dialog-form" data-action="click:custom-scopes#customScopesSubmit" data-target="custom-scopes.customScopesSubmitButton" type="submit" data-view-component="true" class="btn-primary btn">    Create saved search
</button>
</div>
</dialog></dialog-helper>
    </custom-scopes>
  </div>
</qbsearch-input>


            <div class="position-relative HeaderMenu-link-wrap d-lg-inline-block">
              <a
                href="/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fpallets%2Fclick%2Fblob%2F6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410%2FLICENSE.txt"
                class="HeaderMenu-link HeaderMenu-link--sign-in HeaderMenu-button flex-shrink-0 no-underline d-none d-lg-inline-flex border border-lg-0 rounded px-2 py-1"
                style="margin-left: 12px;"
                data-hydro-click="{&quot;event_type&quot;:&quot;authentication.click&quot;,&quot;payload&quot;:{&quot;location_in_page&quot;:&quot;site header menu&quot;,&quot;repository_id&quot;:null,&quot;auth_type&quot;:&quot;SIGN_UP&quot;,&quot;originating_url&quot;:&quot;https://github.com/pallets/click/blob/6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410/LICENSE.txt&quot;,&quot;user_id&quot;:null}}" data-hydro-click-hmac="25aae22619a47f7c4553f963b1cc1befc5aed8cbf4a28171f1b0f831a87534ff"
                data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Marketing nav&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;click to go to homepage&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;ref_page:Marketing;ref_cta:Sign in;ref_loc:Header&quot;}"
              >
                Sign in
              </a>
            </div>

              <a href="/signup?ref_cta=Sign+up&amp;ref_loc=header+logged+out&amp;ref_page=%2F%3Cuser-name%3E%2F%3Crepo-name%3E%2Fblob%2Fshow&amp;source=header-repo&amp;source_repo=pallets%2Fclick"
                class="HeaderMenu-link HeaderMenu-link--sign-up HeaderMenu-button flex-shrink-0 d-flex d-lg-inline-flex no-underline border color-border-default rounded px-2 py-1"
                data-hydro-click="{&quot;event_type&quot;:&quot;authentication.click&quot;,&quot;payload&quot;:{&quot;location_in_page&quot;:&quot;site header menu&quot;,&quot;repository_id&quot;:null,&quot;auth_type&quot;:&quot;SIGN_UP&quot;,&quot;originating_url&quot;:&quot;https://github.com/pallets/click/blob/6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410/LICENSE.txt&quot;,&quot;user_id&quot;:null}}" data-hydro-click-hmac="25aae22619a47f7c4553f963b1cc1befc5aed8cbf4a28171f1b0f831a87534ff"
                data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Sign up&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;click to sign up for account&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;ref_page:/&lt;user-name&gt;/&lt;repo-name&gt;/blob/show;ref_cta:Sign up;ref_loc:header logged out&quot;}"
              >
                Sign up
              </a>

                <div class="AppHeader-appearanceSettings">
    <react-partial-anchor>
      <button data-target="react-partial-anchor.anchor" id="icon-button-3e00ba6d-aeaa-4cfd-9fb4-0a1da630e6f8" aria-labelledby="tooltip-6646f696-2f59-4e65-9f77-38a6b5db55f1" type="button" disabled="disabled" data-view-component="true" class="Button Button--iconOnly Button--invisible Button--medium AppHeader-button HeaderMenu-link border cursor-wait">  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-sliders Button-visual">
    <path d="M15 2.75a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75h-4a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h4a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75Zm-8.5.75v1.25a.75.75 0 0 0 1.5 0v-4a.75.75 0 0 0-1.5 0V2H1.75a.75.75 0 0 0 0 1.5H6.5Zm1.25 5.25a.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5h-6a.75.75 0 0 0 0 1.5h6ZM15 8a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75H11.5V10a.75.75 0 1 1-1.5 0V6a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v1.25h2.75A.75.75 0 0 1 15 8Zm-9 5.25v-2a.75.75 0 0 0-1.5 0v1.25H1.75a.75.75 0 0 0 0 1.5H4.5v1.25a.75.75 0 0 0 1.5 0v-2Zm9 0a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75h-6a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h6a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75Z"></path>
</svg>
</button><tool-tip id="tooltip-6646f696-2f59-4e65-9f77-38a6b5db55f1" for="icon-button-3e00ba6d-aeaa-4cfd-9fb4-0a1da630e6f8" popover="manual" data-direction="s" data-type="label" data-view-component="true" class="sr-only position-absolute">Appearance settings</tool-tip>

      <template data-target="react-partial-anchor.template">
        <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-react-css.00ba154d21e54e53.module.css" />
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/appearance-settings.202aedbb190e067b.module.css" />

<react-partial
  partial-name="appearance-settings"
  data-ssr="false"
  data-attempted-ssr="false"
  data-react-profiling="false"
>
  
  <script type="application/json" data-target="react-partial.embeddedData">{"props":{}}</script>
  <div data-target="react-partial.reactRoot"></div>
</react-partial>


      </template>
    </react-partial-anchor>
  </div>

          <button type="button" class="sr-only js-header-menu-focus-trap d-block d-lg-none">Resetting focus</button>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</header>

      <div hidden="hidden" data-view-component="true" class="js-stale-session-flash stale-session-flash flash flash-warn flash-full">
  
        <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-alert">
    <path d="M6.457 1.047c.659-1.234 2.427-1.234 3.086 0l6.082 11.378A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.082 15H1.918a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.543-2.575Zm1.763.707a.25.25 0 0 0-.44 0L1.698 13.132a.25.25 0 0 0 .22.368h12.164a.25.25 0 0 0 .22-.368Zm.53 3.996v2.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0v-2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0ZM9 11a1 1 0 1 1-2 0 1 1 0 0 1 2 0Z"></path>
</svg>
        <span class="js-stale-session-flash-signed-in" hidden>You signed in with another tab or window. <a class="Link--inTextBlock" href="">Reload</a> to refresh your session.</span>
        <span class="js-stale-session-flash-signed-out" hidden>You signed out in another tab or window. <a class="Link--inTextBlock" href="">Reload</a> to refresh your session.</span>
        <span class="js-stale-session-flash-switched" hidden>You switched accounts on another tab or window. <a class="Link--inTextBlock" href="">Reload</a> to refresh your session.</span>

    <button id="icon-button-a4a9b20f-9c9a-4d75-8ecb-a787bd55489f" aria-labelledby="tooltip-5fa353dc-fa7a-45d2-bfce-751a2b03dc7d" type="button" data-view-component="true" class="Button Button--iconOnly Button--invisible Button--medium flash-close js-flash-close">  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-x Button-visual">
    <path d="M3.72 3.72a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0L8 6.94l3.22-3.22a.749.749 0 0 1 1.275.326.749.749 0 0 1-.215.734L9.06 8l3.22 3.22a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L8 9.06l-3.22 3.22a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L6.94 8 3.72 4.78a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg>
</button><tool-tip id="tooltip-5fa353dc-fa7a-45d2-bfce-751a2b03dc7d" for="icon-button-a4a9b20f-9c9a-4d75-8ecb-a787bd55489f" popover="manual" data-direction="s" data-type="label" data-view-component="true" class="sr-only position-absolute">Dismiss alert</tool-tip>


  
</div>
    </div>

  <div id="start-of-content" class="show-on-focus"></div>








    <div id="js-flash-container" class="flash-container" data-turbo-replace>




  <template class="js-flash-template">
    
<div class="flash flash-full   {{ className }}">
  <div >
    <button autofocus class="flash-close js-flash-close" type="button" aria-label="Dismiss this message">
      <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-x">
    <path d="M3.72 3.72a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0L8 6.94l3.22-3.22a.749.749 0 0 1 1.275.326.749.749 0 0 1-.215.734L9.06 8l3.22 3.22a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L8 9.06l-3.22 3.22a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L6.94 8 3.72 4.78a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg>
    </button>
    <div aria-atomic="true" role="alert" class="js-flash-alert">
      
      <div>{{ message }}</div>

    </div>
  </div>
</div>
  </template>
</div>


    






  <div
    class="application-main "
    data-commit-hovercards-enabled
    data-discussion-hovercards-enabled
    data-issue-and-pr-hovercards-enabled
    data-project-hovercards-enabled
  >
        <div itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/SoftwareSourceCode" class="">
    <main id="js-repo-pjax-container" >
      
      
    

    






  

  <div id="repository-container-header"  class="tmp-pt-3 hide-full-screen" style="background-color: var(--page-header-bgColor, var(--color-page-header-bg));" data-turbo-replace>

      <div class="d-flex flex-nowrap flex-justify-end tmp-mb-3  tmp-px-3 tmp-px-lg-5" style="gap: 1rem;">

        <div class="flex-auto min-width-0 width-fit">
            
  <div class=" d-flex flex-wrap flex-items-center wb-break-word f3 text-normal">
      <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-repo color-fg-muted mr-2 tmp-mr-2">
    <path d="M2 2.5A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 4.5 0h8.75a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v12.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75h-2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h1.75v-2h-8a1 1 0 0 0-.714 1.7.75.75 0 1 1-1.072 1.05A2.495 2.495 0 0 1 2 11.5Zm10.5-1h-8a1 1 0 0 0-1 1v6.708A2.486 2.486 0 0 1 4.5 9h8ZM5 12.25a.25.25 0 0 1 .25-.25h3.5a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v3.25a.25.25 0 0 1-.4.2l-1.45-1.087a.249.249 0 0 0-.3 0L5.4 15.7a.25.25 0 0 1-.4-.2Z"></path>
</svg>
    
    <span class="author flex-self-stretch" itemprop="author">
      <a class="url fn" rel="author" data-hovercard-type="organization" data-hovercard-url="/orgs/pallets/hovercard" data-octo-click="hovercard-link-click" data-octo-dimensions="link_type:self" href="/pallets">
        pallets
</a>    </span>
    <span class="mx-1 flex-self-stretch color-fg-muted">/</span>
    <strong itemprop="name" class="mr-2 flex-self-stretch">
      <a data-pjax="#repo-content-pjax-container" data-turbo-frame="repo-content-turbo-frame" href="/pallets/click">click</a>
    </strong>

    <span></span><span class="Label Label--secondary v-align-middle mr-1">Public</span>
  </div>


        </div>

        <div id="repository-details-container" class="flex-shrink-0" data-turbo-replace style="max-width: 70%;">
            <ul class="pagehead-actions flex-shrink-0 d-none d-md-inline" style="padding: 2px 0;">
    
        <li>
          <include-fragment src="/pallets/click/sponsor_button" data-nonce="v2:5c0d456e-f600-6303-0361-ba4afc3b694e" data-view-component="true">
  
  <div data-show-on-forbidden-error hidden>
    <div class="Box">
  <div class="blankslate-container">
    <div data-view-component="true" class="blankslate blankslate-spacious color-bg-default rounded-2">
      

      <h3 data-view-component="true" class="blankslate-heading">        Uh oh!
</h3>
      <p data-view-component="true" class="blankslate-description">        <p class="color-fg-muted my-2 mb-2 ws-normal">There was an error while loading. <a class="Link--inTextBlock" data-turbo="false" href="" aria-label="Please reload this page">Please reload this page</a>.</p>
</p>

</div>  </div>
</div>  </div>
</include-fragment>
        </li>

      

  <li>
            <a href="/login?return_to=%2Fpallets%2Fclick" rel="nofollow" id="repository-details-watch-button" data-hydro-click="{&quot;event_type&quot;:&quot;authentication.click&quot;,&quot;payload&quot;:{&quot;location_in_page&quot;:&quot;notification subscription menu watch&quot;,&quot;repository_id&quot;:null,&quot;auth_type&quot;:&quot;LOG_IN&quot;,&quot;originating_url&quot;:&quot;https://github.com/pallets/click/blob/6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410/LICENSE.txt&quot;,&quot;user_id&quot;:null}}" data-hydro-click-hmac="2efb010a089b137d65dd9eb437949ef1c9dd72a90603e314949bf30e4129e5d4" aria-label="You must be signed in to change notification settings" data-view-component="true" class="btn-sm btn">    <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-bell mr-2 tmp-mr-2">
    <path d="M8 16a2 2 0 0 0 1.985-1.75c.017-.137-.097-.25-.235-.25h-3.5c-.138 0-.252.113-.235.25A2 2 0 0 0 8 16ZM3 5a5 5 0 0 1 10 0v2.947c0 .05.015.098.042.139l1.703 2.555A1.519 1.519 0 0 1 13.482 13H2.518a1.516 1.516 0 0 1-1.263-2.36l1.703-2.554A.255.255 0 0 0 3 7.947Zm5-3.5A3.5 3.5 0 0 0 4.5 5v2.947c0 .346-.102.683-.294.97l-1.703 2.556a.017.017 0 0 0-.003.01l.001.006c0 .002.002.004.004.006l.006.004.007.001h10.964l.007-.001.006-.004.004-.006.001-.007a.017.017 0 0 0-.003-.01l-1.703-2.554a1.745 1.745 0 0 1-.294-.97V5A3.5 3.5 0 0 0 8 1.5Z"></path>
</svg>Notifications
</a>    <tool-tip id="tooltip-4eb4cecb-e2ac-42ef-a08c-38188e24a943" for="repository-details-watch-button" popover="manual" data-direction="s" data-type="description" data-view-component="true" class="sr-only position-absolute">You must be signed in to change notification settings</tool-tip>

  </li>

  <li>
          <a icon="repo-forked" id="fork-button" href="/login?return_to=%2Fpallets%2Fclick" rel="nofollow" data-hydro-click="{&quot;event_type&quot;:&quot;authentication.click&quot;,&quot;payload&quot;:{&quot;location_in_page&quot;:&quot;repo details fork button&quot;,&quot;repository_id&quot;:19103692,&quot;auth_type&quot;:&quot;LOG_IN&quot;,&quot;originating_url&quot;:&quot;https://github.com/pallets/click/blob/6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410/LICENSE.txt&quot;,&quot;user_id&quot;:null}}" data-hydro-click-hmac="36c1d54ad081972f5c812be3f7d2f8a871ab8fddc420776d5c3b7f817d1c8623" data-view-component="true" class="btn-sm btn">    <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-repo-forked mr-2 tmp-mr-2">
    <path d="M5 5.372v.878c0 .414.336.75.75.75h4.5a.75.75 0 0 0 .75-.75v-.878a2.25 2.25 0 1 1 1.5 0v.878a2.25 2.25 0 0 1-2.25 2.25h-1.5v2.128a2.251 2.251 0 1 1-1.5 0V8.5h-1.5A2.25 2.25 0 0 1 3.5 6.25v-.878a2.25 2.25 0 1 1 1.5 0ZM5 3.25a.75.75 0 1 0-1.5 0 .75.75 0 0 0 1.5 0Zm6.75.75a.75.75 0 1 0 0-1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0 1.5Zm-3 8.75a.75.75 0 1 0-1.5 0 .75.75 0 0 0 1.5 0Z"></path>
</svg>Fork
    <span id="repo-network-counter" data-pjax-replace="true" data-turbo-replace="true" title="1,681" data-view-component="true" class="Counter">1.7k</span>
</a>
  </li>

  <li>
        <div data-view-component="true" class="BtnGroup d-flex">
        <a href="/login?return_to=%2Fpallets%2Fclick" rel="nofollow" data-hydro-click="{&quot;event_type&quot;:&quot;authentication.click&quot;,&quot;payload&quot;:{&quot;location_in_page&quot;:&quot;star button&quot;,&quot;repository_id&quot;:19103692,&quot;auth_type&quot;:&quot;LOG_IN&quot;,&quot;originating_url&quot;:&quot;https://github.com/pallets/click/blob/6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410/LICENSE.txt&quot;,&quot;user_id&quot;:null}}" data-hydro-click-hmac="012fae36e4959efbd5cc698c32aeb89ce1b7adc06c5dbe3d41ccf053b7fb4503" aria-label="You must be signed in to star a repository" data-view-component="true" class="tooltipped tooltipped-sw btn-sm btn">    <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-star v-align-text-bottom d-inline-block mr-2 tmp-mr-2">
    <path d="M8 .25a.75.75 0 0 1 .673.418l1.882 3.815 4.21.612a.75.75 0 0 1 .416 1.279l-3.046 2.97.719 4.192a.751.751 0 0 1-1.088.791L8 12.347l-3.766 1.98a.75.75 0 0 1-1.088-.79l.72-4.194L.818 6.374a.75.75 0 0 1 .416-1.28l4.21-.611L7.327.668A.75.75 0 0 1 8 .25Zm0 2.445L6.615 5.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.564.41l-3.097.45 2.24 2.184a.75.75 0 0 1 .216.664l-.528 3.084 2.769-1.456a.75.75 0 0 1 .698 0l2.77 1.456-.53-3.084a.75.75 0 0 1 .216-.664l2.24-2.183-3.096-.45a.75.75 0 0 1-.564-.41L8 2.694Z"></path>
</svg><span data-view-component="true" class="d-inline">
          Star
</span>          <span id="repo-stars-counter-star" aria-label="17456 users starred this repository" data-singular-suffix="user starred this repository" data-plural-suffix="users starred this repository" data-turbo-replace="true" title="17,456" data-view-component="true" class="Counter js-social-count">17.5k</span>
</a></div>
  </li>

</ul>

        </div>
      </div>

        <div id="responsive-meta-container" data-turbo-replace>
</div>


          <nav data-pjax="#js-repo-pjax-container" aria-label="Repository" data-view-component="true" class="js-repo-nav js-sidenav-container-pjax js-responsive-underlinenav overflow-hidden UnderlineNav px-3 tmp-px-3 px-md-4 tmp-px-md-4 px-lg-5 tmp-px-lg-5">

  <ul data-view-component="true" class="UnderlineNav-body list-style-none">
      <li data-view-component="true" class="d-inline-flex">
  <a id="code-tab" href="/pallets/click" data-tab-item="i0code-tab" data-selected-links="repo_source repo_downloads repo_commits repo_releases repo_tags repo_branches repo_packages repo_deployments repo_attestations /pallets/click" data-pjax="#repo-content-pjax-container" data-turbo-frame="repo-content-turbo-frame" data-hotkey="g c" data-command-id="repositories:go-to-code" data-react-nav="code-view" data-react-nav-anchor="code-view-repo-link" data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Underline navbar&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;Click tab&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;Code&quot;,&quot;target&quot;:&quot;UNDERLINE_NAV.TAB&quot;}" aria-current="page" data-view-component="true" class="UnderlineNav-item no-wrap js-responsive-underlinenav-item js-selected-navigation-item selected">
    
              <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-code UnderlineNav-octicon d-none d-sm-inline">
    <path d="m11.28 3.22 4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.749.749 0 0 1-1.275-.326.749.749 0 0 1 .215-.734L13.94 8l-3.72-3.72a.749.749 0 0 1 .326-1.275.749.749 0 0 1 .734.215Zm-6.56 0a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042L2.06 8l3.72 3.72a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L.47 8.53a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg>
        <span data-content="Code">Code</span>
          <span id="code-repo-tab-count" data-pjax-replace="" data-turbo-replace="" title="Not available" data-view-component="true" class="Counter"></span>


    
</a></li>
      <li data-view-component="true" class="d-inline-flex">
  <a id="issues-tab" href="/pallets/click/issues" data-tab-item="i1issues-tab" data-selected-links="repo_issues repo_labels repo_milestones /pallets/click/issues" data-pjax="#repo-content-pjax-container" data-turbo-frame="repo-content-turbo-frame" data-hotkey="g i" data-command-id="repositories:go-to-issues" data-react-nav="issues-react" data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Underline navbar&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;Click tab&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;Issues&quot;,&quot;target&quot;:&quot;UNDERLINE_NAV.TAB&quot;}" data-view-component="true" class="UnderlineNav-item no-wrap js-responsive-underlinenav-item js-selected-navigation-item">
    
              <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-issue-opened UnderlineNav-octicon d-none d-sm-inline">
    <path d="M8 9.5a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Z"></path><path d="M8 0a8 8 0 1 1 0 16A8 8 0 0 1 8 0ZM1.5 8a6.5 6.5 0 1 0 13 0 6.5 6.5 0 0 0-13 0Z"></path>
</svg>
        <span data-content="Issues">Issues</span>
          <span id="issues-repo-tab-count" data-pjax-replace="" data-turbo-replace="" title="109" data-view-component="true" class="Counter">109</span>


    
</a></li>
      <li data-view-component="true" class="d-inline-flex">
  <a id="pull-requests-tab" href="/pallets/click/pulls" data-tab-item="i2pull-requests-tab" data-selected-links="repo_pulls checks /pallets/click/pulls" data-pjax="#repo-content-pjax-container" data-turbo-frame="repo-content-turbo-frame" data-hotkey="g p" data-command-id="repositories:go-to-pull-requests" data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Underline navbar&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;Click tab&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;Pull requests&quot;,&quot;target&quot;:&quot;UNDERLINE_NAV.TAB&quot;}" data-view-component="true" class="UnderlineNav-item no-wrap js-responsive-underlinenav-item js-selected-navigation-item">
    
              <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-git-pull-request UnderlineNav-octicon d-none d-sm-inline">
    <path d="M1.5 3.25a2.25 2.25 0 1 1 3 2.122v5.256a2.251 2.251 0 1 1-1.5 0V5.372A2.25 2.25 0 0 1 1.5 3.25Zm5.677-.177L9.573.677A.25.25 0 0 1 10 .854V2.5h1A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 13.5 5v5.628a2.251 2.251 0 1 1-1.5 0V5a1 1 0 0 0-1-1h-1v1.646a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L7.177 3.427a.25.25 0 0 1 0-.354ZM3.75 2.5a.75.75 0 1 0 0 1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5Zm0 9.5a.75.75 0 1 0 0 1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5Zm8.25.75a.75.75 0 1 0 1.5 0 .75.75 0 0 0-1.5 0Z"></path>
</svg>
        <span data-content="Pull requests">Pull requests</span>
          <span id="pull-requests-repo-tab-count" data-pjax-replace="" data-turbo-replace="" title="18" data-view-component="true" class="Counter">18</span>


    
</a></li>
      <li data-view-component="true" class="d-inline-flex">
  <a id="discussions-tab" href="/pallets/click/discussions" data-tab-item="i3discussions-tab" data-selected-links="repo_discussions /pallets/click/discussions" data-pjax="#repo-content-pjax-container" data-turbo-frame="repo-content-turbo-frame" data-hotkey="g g" data-command-id="repositories:go-to-discussions" data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Underline navbar&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;Click tab&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;Discussions&quot;,&quot;target&quot;:&quot;UNDERLINE_NAV.TAB&quot;}" data-view-component="true" class="UnderlineNav-item no-wrap js-responsive-underlinenav-item js-selected-navigation-item">
    
              <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-comment-discussion UnderlineNav-octicon d-none d-sm-inline">
    <path d="M1.75 1h8.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v5.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 10.25 10H7.061l-2.574 2.573A1.458 1.458 0 0 1 2 11.543V10h-.25A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 8.25v-5.5C0 1.784.784 1 1.75 1ZM1.5 2.75v5.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h1a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v2.19l2.72-2.72a.749.749 0 0 1 .53-.22h3.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-5.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25h-8.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25Zm13 2a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25h-.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v5.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 12H14v1.543a1.458 1.458 0 0 1-2.487 1.03L9.22 12.28a.749.749 0 0 1 .326-1.275.749.749 0 0 1 .734.215l2.22 2.22v-2.19a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75h1a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25Z"></path>
</svg>
        <span data-content="Discussions">Discussions</span>
          <span id="discussions-repo-tab-count" data-pjax-replace="" data-turbo-replace="" title="Not available" data-view-component="true" class="Counter"></span>


    
</a></li>
      <li data-view-component="true" class="d-inline-flex">
  <a id="actions-tab" href="/pallets/click/actions" data-tab-item="i4actions-tab" data-selected-links="repo_actions /pallets/click/actions" data-pjax="#repo-content-pjax-container" data-turbo-frame="repo-content-turbo-frame" data-hotkey="g a" data-command-id="repositories:go-to-actions" data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Underline navbar&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;Click tab&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;Actions&quot;,&quot;target&quot;:&quot;UNDERLINE_NAV.TAB&quot;}" data-view-component="true" class="UnderlineNav-item no-wrap js-responsive-underlinenav-item js-selected-navigation-item">
    
              <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-play UnderlineNav-octicon d-none d-sm-inline">
    <path d="M8 0a8 8 0 1 1 0 16A8 8 0 0 1 8 0ZM1.5 8a6.5 6.5 0 1 0 13 0 6.5 6.5 0 0 0-13 0Zm4.879-2.773 4.264 2.559a.25.25 0 0 1 0 .428l-4.264 2.559A.25.25 0 0 1 6 10.559V5.442a.25.25 0 0 1 .379-.215Z"></path>
</svg>
        <span data-content="Actions">Actions</span>
          <span id="actions-repo-tab-count" data-pjax-replace="" data-turbo-replace="" title="Not available" data-view-component="true" class="Counter"></span>


    
</a></li>
      <li data-view-component="true" class="d-inline-flex">
  <a id="security-and-quality-tab" href="/pallets/click/security" data-tab-item="i5security-and-quality-tab" data-selected-links="security overview alerts policy token_scanning code_scanning /pallets/click/security" data-pjax="#repo-content-pjax-container" data-turbo-frame="repo-content-turbo-frame" data-hotkey="g s" data-command-id="repositories:go-to-security" data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Underline navbar&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;Click tab&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;Security and quality&quot;,&quot;target&quot;:&quot;UNDERLINE_NAV.TAB&quot;}" data-view-component="true" class="UnderlineNav-item no-wrap js-responsive-underlinenav-item js-selected-navigation-item">
    
              <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-shield UnderlineNav-octicon d-none d-sm-inline">
    <path d="M7.467.133a1.748 1.748 0 0 1 1.066 0l5.25 1.68A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 15 3.48V7c0 1.566-.32 3.182-1.303 4.682-.983 1.498-2.585 2.813-5.032 3.855a1.697 1.697 0 0 1-1.33 0c-2.447-1.042-4.049-2.357-5.032-3.855C1.32 10.182 1 8.566 1 7V3.48a1.75 1.75 0 0 1 1.217-1.667Zm.61 1.429a.25.25 0 0 0-.153 0l-5.25 1.68a.25.25 0 0 0-.174.238V7c0 1.358.275 2.666 1.057 3.86.784 1.194 2.121 2.34 4.366 3.297a.196.196 0 0 0 .154 0c2.245-.956 3.582-2.104 4.366-3.298C13.225 9.666 13.5 8.36 13.5 7V3.48a.251.251 0 0 0-.174-.237l-5.25-1.68ZM8.75 4.75v3a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0v-3a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0ZM9 10.5a1 1 0 1 1-2 0 1 1 0 0 1 2 0Z"></path>
</svg>
        <span data-content="Security and quality">Security and quality</span>
          <span id="security-and-quality-repo-tab-count" data-pjax-replace="" data-turbo-replace="" title="0" hidden="hidden" data-view-component="true" class="Counter">0</span>


    
</a></li>
      <li data-view-component="true" class="d-inline-flex">
  <a id="insights-tab" href="/pallets/click/pulse" data-tab-item="i6insights-tab" data-selected-links="repo_graphs repo_contributors dependency_graph dependabot_updates pulse people community /pallets/click/pulse" data-pjax="#repo-content-pjax-container" data-turbo-frame="repo-content-turbo-frame" data-command-id="repositories:go-to-insights" data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Underline navbar&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;Click tab&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;Insights&quot;,&quot;target&quot;:&quot;UNDERLINE_NAV.TAB&quot;}" data-view-component="true" class="UnderlineNav-item no-wrap js-responsive-underlinenav-item js-selected-navigation-item">
    
              <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-graph UnderlineNav-octicon d-none d-sm-inline">
    <path d="M1.5 1.75V13.5h13.75a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5H.75a.75.75 0 0 1-.75-.75V1.75a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0Zm14.28 2.53-5.25 5.25a.75.75 0 0 1-1.06 0L7 7.06 4.28 9.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.25-3.25a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0L10 7.94l4.72-4.72a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042Z"></path>
</svg>
        <span data-content="Insights">Insights</span>
          <span id="insights-repo-tab-count" data-pjax-replace="" data-turbo-replace="" title="Not available" data-view-component="true" class="Counter"></span>


    
</a></li>
</ul>
    <div style="visibility:hidden;" data-view-component="true" class="UnderlineNav-actions js-responsive-underlinenav-overflow position-absolute pr-3 tmp-pr-3 pr-md-4 tmp-pr-md-4 pr-lg-5 tmp-pr-lg-5 right-0">      <action-menu data-select-variant="none" data-view-component="true">
  <focus-group direction="vertical" mnemonics retain>
    <button id="action-menu-eb9932eb-ac7c-49b7-a888-71da56c85ec2-button" popovertarget="action-menu-eb9932eb-ac7c-49b7-a888-71da56c85ec2-overlay" aria-controls="action-menu-eb9932eb-ac7c-49b7-a888-71da56c85ec2-list" aria-haspopup="true" aria-labelledby="tooltip-c376278f-ae2e-4b4d-b68a-6d7b4d5dbc17" type="button" data-view-component="true" class="Button Button--iconOnly Button--secondary Button--medium UnderlineNav-item">  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-kebab-horizontal Button-visual">
    <path d="M8 9a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3ZM1.5 9a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Zm13 0a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Z"></path>
</svg>
</button><tool-tip id="tooltip-c376278f-ae2e-4b4d-b68a-6d7b4d5dbc17" for="action-menu-eb9932eb-ac7c-49b7-a888-71da56c85ec2-button" popover="manual" data-direction="s" data-type="label" data-view-component="true" class="sr-only position-absolute">Additional navigation options</tool-tip>


<anchored-position data-target="action-menu.overlay" id="action-menu-eb9932eb-ac7c-49b7-a888-71da56c85ec2-overlay" anchor="action-menu-eb9932eb-ac7c-49b7-a888-71da56c85ec2-button" align="start" side="outside-bottom" anchor-offset="normal" popover="auto" data-view-component="true">
  <div data-view-component="true" class="Overlay Overlay--size-auto">
    
      <div data-view-component="true" class="Overlay-body Overlay-body--paddingNone">          <action-list>
  <div data-view-component="true">
    <ul aria-labelledby="action-menu-eb9932eb-ac7c-49b7-a888-71da56c85ec2-button" id="action-menu-eb9932eb-ac7c-49b7-a888-71da56c85ec2-list" role="menu" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListWrap--inset ActionListWrap">
        <li hidden="hidden" data-menu-item="i0code-tab" data-targets="action-list.items" role="none" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem">
    
    
    <a tabindex="-1" id="item-a68c92b6-aba7-4469-b41b-02c0d6c83d47" href="/pallets/click" role="menuitem" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListContent ActionListContent--visual16">
        <span class="ActionListItem-visual ActionListItem-visual--leading">
          <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-code">
    <path d="m11.28 3.22 4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.749.749 0 0 1-1.275-.326.749.749 0 0 1 .215-.734L13.94 8l-3.72-3.72a.749.749 0 0 1 .326-1.275.749.749 0 0 1 .734.215Zm-6.56 0a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042L2.06 8l3.72 3.72a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L.47 8.53a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg>
        </span>
      
        <span data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem-label">
          Code
</span>      
</a>
  
</li>
        <li hidden="hidden" data-menu-item="i1issues-tab" data-targets="action-list.items" role="none" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem">
    
    
    <a tabindex="-1" id="item-317876cf-760d-4840-a4af-9b947a817f49" href="/pallets/click/issues" role="menuitem" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListContent ActionListContent--visual16">
        <span class="ActionListItem-visual ActionListItem-visual--leading">
          <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-issue-opened">
    <path d="M8 9.5a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Z"></path><path d="M8 0a8 8 0 1 1 0 16A8 8 0 0 1 8 0ZM1.5 8a6.5 6.5 0 1 0 13 0 6.5 6.5 0 0 0-13 0Z"></path>
</svg>
        </span>
      
        <span data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem-label">
          Issues
</span>      
</a>
  
</li>
        <li hidden="hidden" data-menu-item="i2pull-requests-tab" data-targets="action-list.items" role="none" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem">
    
    
    <a tabindex="-1" id="item-c4000335-e329-4644-9428-bf57c7e98a8f" href="/pallets/click/pulls" role="menuitem" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListContent ActionListContent--visual16">
        <span class="ActionListItem-visual ActionListItem-visual--leading">
          <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-git-pull-request">
    <path d="M1.5 3.25a2.25 2.25 0 1 1 3 2.122v5.256a2.251 2.251 0 1 1-1.5 0V5.372A2.25 2.25 0 0 1 1.5 3.25Zm5.677-.177L9.573.677A.25.25 0 0 1 10 .854V2.5h1A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 13.5 5v5.628a2.251 2.251 0 1 1-1.5 0V5a1 1 0 0 0-1-1h-1v1.646a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L7.177 3.427a.25.25 0 0 1 0-.354ZM3.75 2.5a.75.75 0 1 0 0 1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5Zm0 9.5a.75.75 0 1 0 0 1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5Zm8.25.75a.75.75 0 1 0 1.5 0 .75.75 0 0 0-1.5 0Z"></path>
</svg>
        </span>
      
        <span data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem-label">
          Pull requests
</span>      
</a>
  
</li>
        <li hidden="hidden" data-menu-item="i3discussions-tab" data-targets="action-list.items" role="none" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem">
    
    
    <a tabindex="-1" id="item-adc9f2b0-8a6c-4b69-969c-3eaefae225b4" href="/pallets/click/discussions" role="menuitem" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListContent ActionListContent--visual16">
        <span class="ActionListItem-visual ActionListItem-visual--leading">
          <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-comment-discussion">
    <path d="M1.75 1h8.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v5.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 10.25 10H7.061l-2.574 2.573A1.458 1.458 0 0 1 2 11.543V10h-.25A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 8.25v-5.5C0 1.784.784 1 1.75 1ZM1.5 2.75v5.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h1a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v2.19l2.72-2.72a.749.749 0 0 1 .53-.22h3.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-5.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25h-8.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25Zm13 2a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25h-.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v5.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 12H14v1.543a1.458 1.458 0 0 1-2.487 1.03L9.22 12.28a.749.749 0 0 1 .326-1.275.749.749 0 0 1 .734.215l2.22 2.22v-2.19a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75h1a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25Z"></path>
</svg>
        </span>
      
        <span data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem-label">
          Discussions
</span>      
</a>
  
</li>
        <li hidden="hidden" data-menu-item="i4actions-tab" data-targets="action-list.items" role="none" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem">
    
    
    <a tabindex="-1" id="item-a346ba81-4622-4c87-ae1c-573ade037cc0" href="/pallets/click/actions" role="menuitem" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListContent ActionListContent--visual16">
        <span class="ActionListItem-visual ActionListItem-visual--leading">
          <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-play">
    <path d="M8 0a8 8 0 1 1 0 16A8 8 0 0 1 8 0ZM1.5 8a6.5 6.5 0 1 0 13 0 6.5 6.5 0 0 0-13 0Zm4.879-2.773 4.264 2.559a.25.25 0 0 1 0 .428l-4.264 2.559A.25.25 0 0 1 6 10.559V5.442a.25.25 0 0 1 .379-.215Z"></path>
</svg>
        </span>
      
        <span data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem-label">
          Actions
</span>      
</a>
  
</li>
        <li hidden="hidden" data-menu-item="i5security-and-quality-tab" data-targets="action-list.items" role="none" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem">
    
    
    <a tabindex="-1" id="item-819d2985-79c6-49f2-bb59-77d802a0115b" href="/pallets/click/security" role="menuitem" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListContent ActionListContent--visual16">
        <span class="ActionListItem-visual ActionListItem-visual--leading">
          <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-shield">
    <path d="M7.467.133a1.748 1.748 0 0 1 1.066 0l5.25 1.68A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 15 3.48V7c0 1.566-.32 3.182-1.303 4.682-.983 1.498-2.585 2.813-5.032 3.855a1.697 1.697 0 0 1-1.33 0c-2.447-1.042-4.049-2.357-5.032-3.855C1.32 10.182 1 8.566 1 7V3.48a1.75 1.75 0 0 1 1.217-1.667Zm.61 1.429a.25.25 0 0 0-.153 0l-5.25 1.68a.25.25 0 0 0-.174.238V7c0 1.358.275 2.666 1.057 3.86.784 1.194 2.121 2.34 4.366 3.297a.196.196 0 0 0 .154 0c2.245-.956 3.582-2.104 4.366-3.298C13.225 9.666 13.5 8.36 13.5 7V3.48a.251.251 0 0 0-.174-.237l-5.25-1.68ZM8.75 4.75v3a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0v-3a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0ZM9 10.5a1 1 0 1 1-2 0 1 1 0 0 1 2 0Z"></path>
</svg>
        </span>
      
        <span data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem-label">
          Security and quality
</span>      
</a>
  
</li>
        <li hidden="hidden" data-menu-item="i6insights-tab" data-targets="action-list.items" role="none" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem">
    
    
    <a tabindex="-1" id="item-3c3a2868-1bec-4757-b322-1b57f6eb29a5" href="/pallets/click/pulse" role="menuitem" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListContent ActionListContent--visual16">
        <span class="ActionListItem-visual ActionListItem-visual--leading">
          <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-graph">
    <path d="M1.5 1.75V13.5h13.75a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5H.75a.75.75 0 0 1-.75-.75V1.75a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0Zm14.28 2.53-5.25 5.25a.75.75 0 0 1-1.06 0L7 7.06 4.28 9.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.25-3.25a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0L10 7.94l4.72-4.72a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042Z"></path>
</svg>
        </span>
      
        <span data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem-label">
          Insights
</span>      
</a>
  
</li>
</ul>    
</div></action-list>


</div>
      
</div></anchored-position>  </focus-group>
</action-menu></div>
</nav>

  </div>
  



<turbo-frame id="repo-content-turbo-frame" target="_top" data-turbo-action="advance" class="">
    <div id="repo-content-pjax-container" class="repository-content " >
    



    
      
    








<react-app
  app-name="code-view"
  initial-path="/pallets/click/blob/6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410/LICENSE.txt"
  style="display: block; min-height: calc(100vh - 64px);"
  data-attempted-ssr="true"
  data-ssr="true"
  data-lazy="false"
  data-alternate="false"
  data-data-router-enabled="true"
  data-react-profiling="false"
>
  
  <script type="application/json" data-target="react-app.embeddedData">{"payload":{"codeViewBlobRoute":{"csv":null,"csvError":null,"headerInfo":{"toc":null},"issueTemplate":null,"discussionTemplate":null,"richText":null,"richTextTruncated":false,"renderedFileInfo":null,"symbols":{"timed_out":false,"not_analyzed":true,"symbols":[]}},"codeViewLayoutRoute":{"repo":{"id":19103692,"defaultBranch":"main","name":"click","ownerLogin":"pallets","currentUserCanPush":false,"isFork":false,"isEmpty":false,"createdAt":"2014-04-24T09:52:19.000Z","ownerAvatar":"https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/16748505?v=4","public":true,"private":false,"isOrgOwned":true},"currentUser":null,"uploadToken":"Wf0eA5QRsWFNQlT8Vq4acS-IK0xoXcjgiub7qNxfn5r1TmW93EPee5HZ0CCg1DhWdxv8llpDEgpj0Zhw9KHkrg","allShortcutsEnabled":false,"treeExpanded":true,"path":"LICENSE.txt","symbolsExpanded":false,"refInfo":{"name":"6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410","listCacheKey":"v0:1777504309.0","canEdit":false,"currentOid":"6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410"},"helpUrl":"https://docs.github.com","findFileWorkerPath":"/assets-cdn/worker/find-file-worker-378c581dbdb2429c.js","findInFileWorkerPath":"/assets-cdn/worker/find-in-file-worker-82470c2dd86b326d.js","githubDevUrl":null},"codeViewFileTreeLayoutRoute":{"fileTree":{"":{"items":[{"name":".devcontainer","path":".devcontainer","contentType":"directory"},{"name":".github","path":".github","contentType":"directory"},{"name":"docs","path":"docs","contentType":"directory"},{"name":"examples","path":"examples","contentType":"directory"},{"name":"src","path":"src","contentType":"directory"},{"name":"tests","path":"tests","contentType":"directory"},{"name":".editorconfig","path":".editorconfig","contentType":"file"},{"name":".gitignore","path":".gitignore","contentType":"file"},{"name":".pre-commit-config.yaml","path":".pre-commit-config.yaml","contentType":"file"},{"name":".readthedocs.yaml","path":".readthedocs.yaml","contentType":"file"},{"name":"CHANGES.rst","path":"CHANGES.rst","contentType":"file"},{"name":"LICENSE.txt","path":"LICENSE.txt","contentType":"file"},{"name":"README.md","path":"README.md","contentType":"file"},{"name":"pyproject.toml","path":"pyproject.toml","contentType":"file"},{"name":"uv.lock","path":"uv.lock","contentType":"file"}],"totalCount":15}},"fileTreeProcessingTime":31.687601000000004,"foldersToFetch":[]},"codeViewBlobLayoutRoute":{"codeLineWrapEnabled":false,"refInfo":{"name":"6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410","listCacheKey":"v0:1777504309.0","canEdit":false,"refType":"tree","currentOid":"6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410","canEditOnDefaultBranch":false,"fileExistsOnDefault":true},"path":"LICENSE.txt","blob":{"copilotSWEAgentEnabled":false,"dependabotInfo":{"showConfigurationBanner":false,"configFilePath":null,"networkDependabotPath":"/pallets/click/network/updates","dismissConfigurationNoticePath":"/settings/dismiss-notice/dependabot_configuration_notice","configurationNoticeDismissed":null},"displayName":"LICENSE.txt","displayUrl":"https://github.com/pallets/click/blob/6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410/LICENSE.txt?raw=true","headerInfo":{"blobSize":"1.44 KB","deleteTooltip":"You must be signed in to make or propose changes","editTooltip":"You must be signed in to make or propose changes","ghDesktopPath":null,"isGitLfs":false,"onBranch":false,"shortPath":"d12a849","siteNavLoginPath":"/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fpallets%2Fclick%2Fblob%2F6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410%2FLICENSE.txt","isCSV":false,"isRichtext":false,"lineInfo":{"truncatedLoc":"28","truncatedSloc":"23"},"mode":"file"},"image":false,"isCodeownersFile":null,"isPlain":false,"isValidLegacyIssueTemplate":false,"isIssueTemplate":false,"isDiscussionTemplate":false,"language":"Text","languageID":372,"large":false,"planSupportInfo":{"repoIsFork":null,"repoOwnedByCurrentUser":null,"requestFullPath":"/pallets/click/blob/6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410/LICENSE.txt","showFreeOrgGatedFeatureMessage":null,"showPlanSupportBanner":null,"upgradeDataAttributes":null,"upgradePath":null},"publishBannersInfo":{"dismissActionNoticePath":"/settings/dismiss-notice/publish_action_from_dockerfile","releasePath":"/pallets/click/releases/new?marketplace=true","showPublishActionBanner":false},"rawBlobUrl":"https://github.com/pallets/click/raw/6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410/LICENSE.txt","renderImageOrRaw":false,"shortPath":null,"symbolsEnabled":true,"tabSize":4,"topBannersInfo":{"overridingGlobalFundingFile":false,"globalPreferredFundingPath":"/pallets/.github/blob/06702680f531ba49dc901b584479048ab55724f1/FUNDING.yml","showInvalidCitationWarning":false,"citationHelpUrl":"https://docs.github.com/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-on-github/about-citation-files","actionsOnboardingTip":null},"truncated":false,"viewable":true,"workflowRedirectUrl":null},"copilotInfo":null,"copilotAccessAllowed":false,"copilotSpacesEnabled":false,"modelsAccessAllowed":false,"modelsRepoIntegrationEnabled":false,"isMarketplaceEnabled":true},"codeViewBlobLayoutRoute.StyledBlob":{"rawLines":["Copyright 2014 Pallets","","Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without","modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are","met:","","1.  Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright","    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.","","2.  Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright","    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the","    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.","","3.  Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its","    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from","    this software without specific prior written permission.","","THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS","\"AS IS\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT","LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A","PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT","HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,","SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED","TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR","PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF","LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING","NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS","SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE."],"stylingDirectives":[[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[]],"colorizedLines":null}},"title":"click/LICENSE.txt at 6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410 · pallets/click","appPayload":{},"meta":{"title":"click/LICENSE.txt at 6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410 · pallets/click"}}</script>
  <div data-target="react-app.reactRoot"><meta name="github-code-view-meta-stats" id="github-code-view-meta-stats" data-hydrostats="publish"/> <!-- --> <a hidden="" id="code-view-repo-link" href="/pallets/click" data-discover="true"></a> <div class="d-none"></div><div><div style="--spacing:var(--spacing-none)" class="prc-PageLayout-PageLayoutRoot--KH-d"><div class="prc-PageLayout-PageLayoutWrapper-2BhU2" data-width="full"><div class="prc-PageLayout-PageLayoutContent-BneH9"><div class="CodeViewFileTreeLayout-module__sidebar__n_Aau" tabindex="0"><div class="prc-PageLayout-PaneWrapper-pHPop ReposFileTreePane-module__Pane__rBZpI ReposFileTreePane-module__HideTree__AYZnm ReposFileTreePane-module__HidePane__VHAVt" style="--offset-header:0px;--spacing-row:var(--spacing-none);--spacing-column:var(--spacing-none)" data-is-hidden="false" data-position="start" data-sticky="true"><div class="prc-PageLayout-HorizontalDivider-JLVqp prc-PageLayout-PaneHorizontalDivider-9tbnE" data-variant-regular="none" data-variant-narrow="none" data-position="start" style="--spacing-divider:var(--spacing-none);--spacing:var(--spacing-none)"></div><div class="prc-PageLayout-Pane-AyzHK" data-resizable="true" style="--spacing:var(--spacing-none);--pane-min-width:256px;--pane-max-width:calc(100vw - var(--pane-max-width-diff));--pane-width-size:var(--pane-width-large);--pane-width:320px"></div><div class="prc-PageLayout-VerticalDivider-9QRmK prc-PageLayout-PaneVerticalDivider-le57g" data-variant-narrow="none" data-variant-regular="line" data-variant-wide="line" data-position="start" style="--spacing:var(--spacing-none)"><div class="prc-PageLayout-DraggableHandle-9s6B4" role="slider" aria-label="Draggable pane splitter" aria-valuemin="256" aria-valuemax="600" aria-valuenow="320" aria-valuetext="Pane width 320 pixels" tabindex="0"></div></div></div></div><div class="prc-PageLayout-ContentWrapper-gR9eG"><div class="prc-PageLayout-Content-xWL-A" data-width="full" style="--spacing:var(--spacing-none)"><div class="SharedPageLayout-module__content__IwGAp" data-selector="repos-split-pane-content" tabindex="0"> <!-- --> <div class="container CodeViewHeader-module__Box__JkPOb"><div class="CodeViewHeader-module__StickyHeader__Qn7UN" id="StickyHeader"><div class="CodeViewHeader-module__Box_1__SbNDV"><div class="CodeViewHeader-module__Box_2__TB46f"><div class="react-code-view-header-wrap--narrow CodeViewHeader-module__Box_3__q1zUL"><div class="CodeViewHeader-module__treeToggleWrapper__RQ__9"><h2 class="use-tree-pane-module__Heading__s4QbZ prc-Heading-Heading-MtWFE"><button data-component="Button" type="button" aria-label="Expand file tree" data-testid="expand-file-tree-button-mobile" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk ExpandFileTreeButton-module__Button_1__Svs95" data-loading="false" data-size="medium" data-variant="invisible"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="leadingVisual" class="prc-Button-Visual-YNt2F prc-Button-VisualWrap-E4cnq"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-arrow-left" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M7.78 12.53a.75.75 0 0 1-1.06 0L2.47 8.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06l4.25-4.25a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042L4.81 7h7.44a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5H4.81l2.97 2.97a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06Z"></path></svg></span><span data-component="text" class="prc-Button-Label-FWkx3">Files</span></span></button><button data-component="IconButton" type="button" data-testid="expand-file-tree-button" aria-controls="repos-file-tree" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk position-relative ExpandFileTreeButton-module__expandButton__hDOcv ExpandFileTreeButton-module__filesButtonBreakpoint__zEvz3 fgColor-muted prc-Button-IconButton-fyge7" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="medium" data-variant="invisible" aria-labelledby="_R_2aql3al1d_"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-sidebar-collapse" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.823 7.823a.25.25 0 0 1 0 .354l-2.396 2.396A.25.25 0 0 1 4 10.396V5.604a.25.25 0 0 1 .427-.177Z"></path><path d="M1.75 0h12.5C15.216 0 16 .784 16 1.75v12.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 16H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25V1.75C0 .784.784 0 1.75 0ZM1.5 1.75v12.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25H9.5v-13H1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25ZM11 14.5h3.25a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25H11Z"></path></svg></button><span class="prc-TooltipV2-Tooltip-tLeuB" data-direction="se" data-component="Tooltip" aria-hidden="true" id="_R_2aql3al1d_">Expand file tree</span><div class="d-none"></div></h2></div><div class="react-code-view-header-mb--narrow mr-2"><button data-component="Button" type="button" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false" tabindex="0" aria-label="6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410 branch" data-testid="anchor-button" data-icv-name="Switch branches/tags" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk ref-selector-class RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorOverlayBtn__a3WK3" data-loading="false" data-size="medium" data-variant="default" id="ref-picker-repos-header-ref-selector-wide"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="text" class="prc-Button-Label-FWkx3"><div class="RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorOverlayContainer__yaf4p"><div class="RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorOverlayHeader__XtXRG"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-git-branch" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M9.5 3.25a2.25 2.25 0 1 1 3 2.122V6A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 10 8.5H6a1 1 0 0 0-1 1v1.128a2.251 2.251 0 1 1-1.5 0V5.372a2.25 2.25 0 1 1 1.5 0v1.836A2.493 2.493 0 0 1 6 7h4a1 1 0 0 0 1-1v-.628A2.25 2.25 0 0 1 9.5 3.25Zm-6 0a.75.75 0 1 0 1.5 0 .75.75 0 0 0-1.5 0Zm8.25-.75a.75.75 0 1 0 0 1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5ZM4.25 12a.75.75 0 1 0 0 1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5Z"></path></svg></div><div style="max-width:125px" class="ref-selector-button-text-container RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorBtnTextContainer__Di3rk"><span class="RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorText__w_fmP"> <!-- -->6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410</span></div></div></span><span data-component="trailingVisual" class="prc-Button-Visual-YNt2F prc-Button-VisualWrap-E4cnq"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-triangle-down" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="m4.427 7.427 3.396 3.396a.25.25 0 0 0 .354 0l3.396-3.396A.25.25 0 0 0 11.396 7H4.604a.25.25 0 0 0-.177.427Z"></path></svg></span></span></button><div class="d-none"></div></div><div class="react-code-view-header-mb--narrow CodeViewHeader-module__Box_5__MQ0hL"><div class="Breadcrumb-module__container__Vxvev Breadcrumb-module__lg__Rjz0A"><nav data-testid="breadcrumbs" aria-labelledby="repos-header-breadcrumb-heading" id="repos-header-breadcrumb" class="Breadcrumb-module__nav__rQFDj"><h2 class="sr-only ScreenReaderHeading-module__userSelectNone__rwWIk prc-Heading-Heading-MtWFE" data-testid="screen-reader-heading" id="repos-header-breadcrumb-heading">Breadcrumbs</h2><ol class="Breadcrumb-module__list__ZH6zr"><li class="Breadcrumb-module__listItem__Ib0x_"><a class="Breadcrumb-module__repoLink__O2Nbs prc-Link-Link-9ZwDx" data-component="Link" data-testid="breadcrumbs-repo-link" href="/pallets/click/tree/6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410" data-discover="true">click</a></li></ol></nav><div data-testid="breadcrumbs-filename" class="Breadcrumb-module__filename__equZR"><span class="Breadcrumb-module__separator__eNwsI Breadcrumb-module__lg__Rjz0A" aria-hidden="true">/</span><h1 class="Breadcrumb-module__filenameHeading__MNMtw Breadcrumb-module__lg__Rjz0A prc-Heading-Heading-MtWFE" tabindex="-1" id="file-name-id">LICENSE.txt</h1></div><button data-component="IconButton" type="button" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk ml-2 prc-Button-IconButton-fyge7" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="small" data-variant="invisible" aria-labelledby="_R_3qql3al1d_"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-copy" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M0 6.75C0 5.784.784 5 1.75 5h1.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-1.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h7.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-1.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v1.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 9.25 16h-7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25Z"></path><path d="M5 1.75C5 .784 5.784 0 6.75 0h7.5C15.216 0 16 .784 16 1.75v7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 11h-7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 5 9.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h7.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-7.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path></svg></button><span class="CopyToClipboardButton-module__tooltip__BhMvU prc-TooltipV2-Tooltip-tLeuB" data-direction="nw" data-component="Tooltip" aria-label="Copy path" aria-hidden="true" id="_R_3qql3al1d_">Copy path</span></div></div></div><div class="react-code-view-header-element--wide"><div class="CodeViewHeader-module__Box_7___0R6c"><div class="d-flex gap-2"><div><div class="CodeViewHeader-module__FileResultsList__JDzUy"><span class="d-flex FileResultsList-module__FilesSearchBox__ivVkc TextInput-wrapper prc-components-TextInputWrapper-Hpdqi prc-components-TextInputBaseWrapper-wY-n0" data-component="TextInput" data-leading-visual="true" data-trailing-visual="true" aria-busy="false"><span class="TextInput-icon" id="_R_2pcql3al1d_" aria-hidden="true" data-component="TextInput.LeadingVisual"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-search" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M10.68 11.74a6 6 0 0 1-7.922-8.982 6 6 0 0 1 8.982 7.922l3.04 3.04a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215ZM11.5 7a4.499 4.499 0 1 0-8.997 0A4.499 4.499 0 0 0 11.5 7Z"></path></svg></span><input type="text" aria-label="Go to file" role="combobox" aria-controls="file-results-list" aria-expanded="false" aria-haspopup="dialog" autoCorrect="off" spellCheck="false" placeholder="Go to file" aria-describedby="_R_2pcql3al1d_ _R_2pcql3al1dH1_" data-component="input" class="prc-components-Input-IwWrt" value=""/><span class="TextInput-icon" id="_R_2pcql3al1dH1_" aria-hidden="true" data-component="TextInput.TrailingVisual"></span></span></div><div class="d-none"></div></div><div class="d-none"></div><button data-component="Button" type="button" style="display:none" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk NavigationMenu-module__Button__LpKgm" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="medium" data-variant="default"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="text" class="prc-Button-Label-FWkx3">Blame</span></span></button><div class="d-none"></div><button data-component="IconButton" type="button" data-testid="more-file-actions-button-nav-menu-wide" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false" tabindex="0" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk js-blob-dropdown-click NavigationMenu-module__IconButton__HpX3G prc-Button-IconButton-fyge7" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="medium" data-variant="default" aria-labelledby="_R_ficql3al1d_" id="_R_icql3al1d_"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-kebab-horizontal" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M8 9a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3ZM1.5 9a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Zm13 0a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Z"></path></svg></button><span class="prc-TooltipV2-Tooltip-tLeuB" data-direction="nw" data-component="Tooltip" aria-hidden="true" id="_R_ficql3al1d_">More file actions</span></div></div></div><div class="react-code-view-header-element--narrow"><div class="CodeViewHeader-module__Box_7___0R6c"><div class="d-flex gap-2"><div class="d-none"></div><button data-component="Button" type="button" style="display:none" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk NavigationMenu-module__Button__LpKgm" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="medium" data-variant="default"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="text" class="prc-Button-Label-FWkx3">Blame</span></span></button><div class="d-none"></div><button data-component="IconButton" type="button" data-testid="more-file-actions-button-nav-menu-narrow" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false" tabindex="0" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk js-blob-dropdown-click NavigationMenu-module__IconButton__HpX3G prc-Button-IconButton-fyge7" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="medium" data-variant="default" aria-labelledby="_R_fieql3al1d_" id="_R_ieql3al1d_"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-kebab-horizontal" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M8 9a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3ZM1.5 9a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Zm13 0a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Z"></path></svg></button><span class="prc-TooltipV2-Tooltip-tLeuB" data-direction="nw" data-component="Tooltip" aria-hidden="true" id="_R_fieql3al1d_">More file actions</span></div></div></div></div></div></div></div><div class="CodeView-module__contentWrapper__cG2JH"><div class="react-code-view-bottom-padding"><div class="BlobTopBanners-module__Box__v_nvx"></div></div> <div class="d-flex flex-column border rounded-2 tmp-mb-3 pl-1"><div class="LatestCommit-module__Box__B25ZT"><h2 class="sr-only ScreenReaderHeading-module__userSelectNone__rwWIk prc-Heading-Heading-MtWFE" data-testid="screen-reader-heading">Latest commit</h2><div style="width:120px" class="Skeleton Skeleton--text" data-testid="loading"> </div><div class="d-flex flex-shrink-0 gap-2"><div data-testid="latest-commit-details" class="d-none d-sm-flex flex-items-center"></div><div class="d-flex gap-2"><h2 class="sr-only ScreenReaderHeading-module__userSelectNone__rwWIk prc-Heading-Heading-MtWFE" data-testid="screen-reader-heading">History</h2><a data-component="LinkButton" href="/pallets/click/commits/6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410/LICENSE.txt" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk d-none d-lg-flex LinkButton-module__linkButton__nFnov flex-items-center fgColor-default" data-loading="false" data-size="small" data-variant="invisible"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="leadingVisual" class="prc-Button-Visual-YNt2F prc-Button-VisualWrap-E4cnq"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-history" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="m.427 1.927 1.215 1.215a8.002 8.002 0 1 1-1.6 5.685.75.75 0 1 1 1.493-.154 6.5 6.5 0 1 0 1.18-4.458l1.358 1.358A.25.25 0 0 1 3.896 6H.25A.25.25 0 0 1 0 5.75V2.104a.25.25 0 0 1 .427-.177ZM7.75 4a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v2.992l2.028.812a.75.75 0 0 1-.557 1.392l-2.5-1A.751.751 0 0 1 7 8.25v-3.5A.75.75 0 0 1 7.75 4Z"></path></svg></span><span data-component="text" class="prc-Button-Label-FWkx3"><span class="fgColor-default">History</span></span></span></a><div class="d-sm-none"></div><div class="d-flex d-lg-none"><a data-component="LinkButton" aria-label="View commit history for this file." href="/pallets/click/commits/6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410/LICENSE.txt" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk LinkButton-module__linkButton__nFnov flex-items-center fgColor-default" data-loading="false" data-size="small" data-variant="invisible" aria-describedby="_R_2balal3al1d_"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="leadingVisual" class="prc-Button-Visual-YNt2F prc-Button-VisualWrap-E4cnq"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-history" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="m.427 1.927 1.215 1.215a8.002 8.002 0 1 1-1.6 5.685.75.75 0 1 1 1.493-.154 6.5 6.5 0 1 0 1.18-4.458l1.358 1.358A.25.25 0 0 1 3.896 6H.25A.25.25 0 0 1 0 5.75V2.104a.25.25 0 0 1 .427-.177ZM7.75 4a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v2.992l2.028.812a.75.75 0 0 1-.557 1.392l-2.5-1A.751.751 0 0 1 7 8.25v-3.5A.75.75 0 0 1 7.75 4Z"></path></svg></span></span></a><span class="prc-TooltipV2-Tooltip-tLeuB" data-direction="s" data-component="Tooltip" role="tooltip" aria-hidden="true" id="_R_2balal3al1d_">History</span></div></div></div></div></div><div class="d-flex flex-row"><div class="container BlobViewContent-module__blobContainer__DtH2d"><div class="react-code-size-details-banner BlobViewContent-module__codeSizeDetails__e5sUw"><div class="react-code-size-details-banner CodeSizeDetails-module__Box__VcD6l"><div class="text-mono CodeSizeDetails-module__Box_1__GVxQL"><div data-testid="blob-size" class="CodeSizeDetails-module__Truncate_1__lE93V prc-Truncate-Truncate-2G1eo" data-inline="true" title="1.44 KB" style="--truncate-max-width:100%"><span>28 lines (23 loc) · 1.44 KB</span></div></div></div></div><div class="react-blob-view-header-sticky BlobViewContent-module__stickyHeader__VwxB5" id="repos-sticky-header"><div class="BlobViewHeader-module__Box__yhm9u"><div class="react-blob-sticky-header"><div class="FileNameStickyHeader-module__outerWrapper__ZL4Xc FileNameStickyHeader-module__outerWrapperHidden__Zpynk"><div class="FileNameStickyHeader-module__Box_1__Hazu5"><div class="FileNameStickyHeader-module__Box_2__hoolP"><div class="FileNameStickyHeader-module__Box_3__MVKsk"><button data-component="Button" type="button" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false" tabindex="0" aria-label="6c894eb branch" data-testid="anchor-button" data-icv-name="Switch branches/tags" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk ref-selector-class RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorOverlayBtn__a3WK3" data-loading="false" data-size="medium" data-variant="default" id="ref-picker-repos-header-ref-selector"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="text" class="prc-Button-Label-FWkx3"><div class="RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorOverlayContainer__yaf4p"><div class="RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorOverlayHeader__XtXRG"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-git-branch" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M9.5 3.25a2.25 2.25 0 1 1 3 2.122V6A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 10 8.5H6a1 1 0 0 0-1 1v1.128a2.251 2.251 0 1 1-1.5 0V5.372a2.25 2.25 0 1 1 1.5 0v1.836A2.493 2.493 0 0 1 6 7h4a1 1 0 0 0 1-1v-.628A2.25 2.25 0 0 1 9.5 3.25Zm-6 0a.75.75 0 1 0 1.5 0 .75.75 0 0 0-1.5 0Zm8.25-.75a.75.75 0 1 0 0 1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5ZM4.25 12a.75.75 0 1 0 0 1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5Z"></path></svg></div><div style="max-width:125px" class="ref-selector-button-text-container RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorBtnTextContainer__Di3rk"><span class="RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorText__w_fmP"> <!-- -->6c894eb</span></div></div></span><span data-component="trailingVisual" class="prc-Button-Visual-YNt2F prc-Button-VisualWrap-E4cnq"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-triangle-down" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="m4.427 7.427 3.396 3.396a.25.25 0 0 0 .354 0l3.396-3.396A.25.25 0 0 0 11.396 7H4.604a.25.25 0 0 0-.177.427Z"></path></svg></span></span></button><div class="d-none"></div></div><div class="FileNameStickyHeader-module__Box_4__FLhtt"><div class="Breadcrumb-module__container__Vxvev Breadcrumb-module__md__Wb1Gs"><nav data-testid="breadcrumbs" aria-labelledby="sticky-breadcrumb-heading" id="sticky-breadcrumb" class="Breadcrumb-module__nav__rQFDj"><h2 class="sr-only ScreenReaderHeading-module__userSelectNone__rwWIk prc-Heading-Heading-MtWFE" data-testid="screen-reader-heading" id="sticky-breadcrumb-heading">Breadcrumbs</h2><ol class="Breadcrumb-module__list__ZH6zr"><li class="Breadcrumb-module__listItem__Ib0x_"><a class="Breadcrumb-module__repoLink__O2Nbs prc-Link-Link-9ZwDx" data-component="Link" data-testid="breadcrumbs-repo-link" href="/pallets/click/tree/6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410" data-discover="true">click</a></li></ol></nav><div data-testid="breadcrumbs-filename" class="Breadcrumb-module__filename__equZR"><span class="Breadcrumb-module__separator__eNwsI Breadcrumb-module__md__Wb1Gs" aria-hidden="true">/</span><h1 class="Breadcrumb-module__filenameHeading__MNMtw Breadcrumb-module__md__Wb1Gs prc-Heading-Heading-MtWFE" tabindex="-1" id="sticky-file-name-id">LICENSE.txt</h1></div></div></div></div><button data-component="Button" type="button" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk FileNameStickyHeader-module__Button__LSEU_ FileNameStickyHeader-module__GoToTopButton__nxAFn" data-loading="false" data-size="small" data-variant="invisible"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="leadingVisual" class="prc-Button-Visual-YNt2F prc-Button-VisualWrap-E4cnq"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-arrow-up" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.47 7.78a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06l4.25-4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-.018 1.042.751.751 0 0 1-1.042.018L9 4.81v7.44a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0V4.81L4.53 7.78a.75.75 0 0 1-1.06 0Z"></path></svg></span><span data-component="text" class="prc-Button-Label-FWkx3">Top</span></span></button></div></div></div><div class="BlobViewHeader-module__Box_1__VEmuQ"><h2 class="sr-only ScreenReaderHeading-module__userSelectNone__rwWIk prc-Heading-Heading-MtWFE" data-testid="screen-reader-heading">File metadata and controls</h2><div class="BlobViewHeader-module__Box_2__icUs2"><ul aria-label="File view" class="prc-SegmentedControl-SegmentedControl-lqIXp BlobTabButtons-module__SegmentedControl__jen2u" data-variant="default" data-size="small"><li class="prc-SegmentedControl-Item-tSCQh" data-selected=""><button aria-current="true" class="prc-SegmentedControl-Button-E48xz" type="button" style="--separator-color:transparent"><span class="prc-SegmentedControl-Content-1COlk segmentedControl-content"><div class="prc-SegmentedControl-Text-7S2y2 segmentedControl-text" data-text="Code">Code</div></span></button></li><li class="prc-SegmentedControl-Item-tSCQh"><button aria-current="false" class="prc-SegmentedControl-Button-E48xz" type="button" style="--separator-color:var(--borderColor-default)"><span class="prc-SegmentedControl-Content-1COlk segmentedControl-content"><div class="prc-SegmentedControl-Text-7S2y2 segmentedControl-text" data-text="Blame">Blame</div></span></button></li></ul><div class="d-none"></div><div class="react-code-size-details-in-header CodeSizeDetails-module__Box__VcD6l"><div class="text-mono CodeSizeDetails-module__Box_1__GVxQL"><div data-testid="blob-size" class="CodeSizeDetails-module__Truncate_1__lE93V prc-Truncate-Truncate-2G1eo" data-inline="true" title="1.44 KB" style="--truncate-max-width:100%"><span>28 lines (23 loc) · 1.44 KB</span></div></div></div></div><div class="BlobViewHeader-module__Box_3__ng6v2"><div class="d-none"></div><div class="react-blob-header-edit-and-raw-actions BlobViewHeader-module__Box_4__J4Y4W"><div class="d-none"></div><div class="prc-ButtonGroup-ButtonGroup-vFUrY"><div><a data-component="LinkButton" href="https://github.com/pallets/click/raw/6c894ebd8c63cc481e40cb0ca8745a5996b9f410/LICENSE.txt" data-testid="raw-button" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk LinkButton-module__linkButton__nFnov BlobViewHeader-module__LinkButton__X9kx2" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="small" data-variant="default"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="text" class="prc-Button-Label-FWkx3">Raw</span></span></a></div><div><button data-component="IconButton" type="button" data-testid="copy-raw-button" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk prc-Button-IconButton-fyge7" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="small" data-variant="default" aria-labelledby="_R_d5f6clal3al1d_"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-copy" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M0 6.75C0 5.784.784 5 1.75 5h1.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-1.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h7.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-1.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v1.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 9.25 16h-7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25Z"></path><path d="M5 1.75C5 .784 5.784 0 6.75 0h7.5C15.216 0 16 .784 16 1.75v7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 11h-7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 5 9.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h7.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-7.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path></svg></button><span class="prc-TooltipV2-Tooltip-tLeuB" data-direction="n" data-component="Tooltip" aria-hidden="true" id="_R_d5f6clal3al1d_">Copy raw file</span></div><div><button data-component="IconButton" type="button" data-testid="download-raw-button" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk BlobViewHeader-module__downloadButton__ef459 prc-Button-IconButton-fyge7" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="small" data-variant="default" aria-labelledby="_R_75f6clal3al1d_"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-download" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M2.75 14A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 1 12.25v-2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v2.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h10.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v2.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 13.25 14Z"></path><path d="M7.25 7.689V2a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v5.689l1.97-1.969a.749.749 0 1 1 1.06 1.06l-3.25 3.25a.749.749 0 0 1-1.06 0L4.22 6.78a.749.749 0 1 1 1.06-1.06l1.97 1.969Z"></path></svg></button><span class="prc-TooltipV2-Tooltip-tLeuB" data-direction="n" data-component="Tooltip" aria-hidden="true" id="_R_75f6clal3al1d_">Download raw file</span></div></div></div><div class="d-none"></div><button data-component="IconButton" type="button" aria-pressed="false" aria-expanded="false" aria-controls="symbols-pane" data-testid="symbols-button" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk BlobViewHeader-module__IconButton_2__RyjZg prc-Button-IconButton-fyge7" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="small" data-variant="invisible" aria-labelledby="_R_9n6clal3al1d_" id="symbols-button"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-code-square" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M0 1.75C0 .784.784 0 1.75 0h12.5C15.216 0 16 .784 16 1.75v12.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 16H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v12.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h12.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Zm7.47 3.97a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l2 2a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-2 2a.749.749 0 0 1-1.275-.326.749.749 0 0 1 .215-.734L10.69 8 9.22 6.53a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06ZM6.78 6.53 5.31 8l1.47 1.47a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215l-2-2a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06l2-2a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042Z"></path></svg></button><span class="prc-TooltipV2-Tooltip-tLeuB" data-direction="nw" data-component="Tooltip" aria-hidden="true" id="_R_9n6clal3al1d_">Open symbols panel</span><div class="react-blob-header-edit-and-raw-actions-combined"><button data-component="IconButton" type="button" title="More file actions" data-testid="more-file-actions-button" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false" tabindex="0" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk js-blob-dropdown-click BlobViewHeader-module__IconButton__XrMQY prc-Button-IconButton-fyge7" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="small" data-variant="invisible" aria-labelledby="_R_7q76clal3al1d_" id="_R_a76clal3al1d_"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-kebab-horizontal" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M8 9a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3ZM1.5 9a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Zm13 0a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Z"></path></svg></button><span class="prc-TooltipV2-Tooltip-tLeuB" data-direction="nw" data-component="Tooltip" aria-hidden="true" id="_R_7q76clal3al1d_">Edit and raw actions</span></div></div></div></div><div></div></div><div class="BlobViewContent-module__blobContentWrapper__JS0W6"><section aria-labelledby="file-name-id-wide file-name-id-mobile" class="BlobContent-module__blobContentSection__VOgZq" style="margin-top:46px"><div class="CodeBlob-module__codeBlobWrapper__RS6In" style="padding-top:8px;padding-bottom:8px"><div id="highlighted-line-menu-positioner" class="position-relative"><div id="copilot-button-positioner" class="position-relative"><div class="CodeBlob-module__codeBlobInner__tfjuQ"><div class="react-code-file-contents CodeLinesSSR-module__codeFileContents__ARmAN" role="presentation" aria-hidden="true" data-tab-size="4" data-paste-markdown-skip="true" style="tab-size:4;max-width:unset" data-hpc="true"><div class="react-line-numbers" style="pointer-events:auto"><div data-line-number="1" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">1</div><div data-line-number="2" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">2</div><div data-line-number="3" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">3</div><div data-line-number="4" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">4</div><div data-line-number="5" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">5</div><div data-line-number="6" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">6</div><div data-line-number="7" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">7</div><div data-line-number="8" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">8</div><div data-line-number="9" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">9</div><div data-line-number="10" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">10</div><div data-line-number="11" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">11</div><div data-line-number="12" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">12</div><div data-line-number="13" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">13</div><div data-line-number="14" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">14</div><div data-line-number="15" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">15</div><div data-line-number="16" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">16</div><div data-line-number="17" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">17</div><div data-line-number="18" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">18</div><div data-line-number="19" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">19</div><div data-line-number="20" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">20</div><div data-line-number="21" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">21</div><div data-line-number="22" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">22</div><div data-line-number="23" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">23</div><div data-line-number="24" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">24</div><div data-line-number="25" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">25</div><div data-line-number="26" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">26</div><div data-line-number="27" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">27</div><div data-line-number="28" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">28</div></div><div class="react-code-lines"><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC1" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="1" style="position:relative">Copyright 2014 Pallets</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC2" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="2" style="position:relative">
</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC3" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="3" style="position:relative">Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC4" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="4" style="position:relative">modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC5" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="5" style="position:relative">met:</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC6" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="6" style="position:relative">
</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC7" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="7" style="position:relative">1.  Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC8" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="8" style="position:relative">    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC9" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="9" style="position:relative">
</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC10" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="10" style="position:relative">2.  Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC11" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="11" style="position:relative">    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC12" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="12" style="position:relative">    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC13" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="13" style="position:relative">
</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC14" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="14" style="position:relative">3.  Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC15" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="15" style="position:relative">    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC16" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="16" style="position:relative">    this software without specific prior written permission.</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC17" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="17" style="position:relative">
</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC18" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="18" style="position:relative">THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC19" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="19" style="position:relative">&quot;AS IS&quot; AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC20" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="20" style="position:relative">LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC21" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="21" style="position:relative">PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC22" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="22" style="position:relative">HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC23" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="23" style="position:relative">SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC24" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="24" style="position:relative">TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC25" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="25" style="position:relative">PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC26" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="26" style="position:relative">LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC27" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="27" style="position:relative">NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC28" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="28" style="position:relative">SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.</div></div></div></div></div></div><div id="copilot-button-container"></div></div><div id="highlighted-line-menu-container"></div></div></div><div class="d-none"></div></section></div></div></div> </div> <!-- --> </div></div></div></div></div></div><div class="ScrollMarksContainer-module__scrollMarksContainer__Eu7uU" id="find-result-marks-container"></div><div class="d-none"></div><div class="d-none"></div></div> <!-- --> <!-- --> <script type="application/json" id="__PRIMER_DATA__R_1___">{"resolvedServerColorMode":"day"}</script></div>
</react-app>




  </div>

</turbo-frame>

    </main>
  </div>

  </div>

          <footer class="footer tmp-pt-7 tmp-pb-6 f6 color-fg-muted color-border-subtle p-responsive" role="contentinfo" >
  <h2 class='sr-only'>Footer</h2>

  


  <div class="d-flex flex-justify-center flex-items-center flex-column-reverse flex-lg-row flex-wrap flex-lg-nowrap">
    <div class="d-flex flex-items-center flex-shrink-0 mx-2">
      <a aria-label="GitHub Homepage" class="footer-octicon mr-2" href="https://github.com">
        <svg aria-hidden="true" height="24" viewBox="0 0 24 24" version="1.1" width="24" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-mark-github">
    <path d="M10.226 17.284c-2.965-.36-5.054-2.493-5.054-5.256 0-1.123.404-2.336 1.078-3.144-.292-.741-.247-2.314.09-2.965.898-.112 2.111.36 2.83 1.01.853-.269 1.752-.404 2.853-.404 1.1 0 1.999.135 2.807.382.696-.629 1.932-1.1 2.83-.988.315.606.36 2.179.067 2.942.72.854 1.101 2 1.101 3.167 0 2.763-2.089 4.852-5.098 5.234.763.494 1.28 1.572 1.28 2.807v2.336c0 .674.561 1.056 1.235.786 4.066-1.55 7.255-5.615 7.255-10.646C23.5 6.188 18.334 1 11.978 1 5.62 1 .5 6.188.5 12.545c0 4.986 3.167 9.12 7.435 10.669.606.225 1.19-.18 1.19-.786V20.63a2.9 2.9 0 0 1-1.078.224c-1.483 0-2.359-.808-2.987-2.313-.247-.607-.517-.966-1.034-1.033-.27-.023-.359-.135-.359-.27 0-.27.45-.471.898-.471.652 0 1.213.404 1.797 1.235.45.651.921.943 1.483.943.561 0 .92-.202 1.437-.719.382-.381.674-.718.944-.943"></path>
</svg>
</a>
      <span>
        &copy; 2026 GitHub,&nbsp;Inc.
      </span>
    </div>

    <nav aria-label="Footer">
      <h3 class="sr-only" id="sr-footer-heading">Footer navigation</h3>

      <ul class="list-style-none d-flex flex-justify-center flex-wrap mb-2 mb-lg-0" aria-labelledby="sr-footer-heading">


          <li class="mx-2">
            <a data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;go to Terms&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;text:terms&quot;}" href="https://docs.github.com/site-policy/github-terms/github-terms-of-service" data-view-component="true" class="Link--secondary Link">Terms</a>
          </li>

          <li class="mx-2">
            <a data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;go to privacy&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;text:privacy&quot;}" href="https://docs.github.com/site-policy/privacy-policies/github-privacy-statement" data-view-component="true" class="Link--secondary Link">Privacy</a>
          </li>

          <li class="mx-2">
            <a data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;go to security&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;text:security&quot;}" href="https://github.com/security" data-view-component="true" class="Link--secondary Link">Security</a>
          </li>

          <li class="mx-2">
            <a data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;go to status&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;text:status&quot;}" href="https://www.githubstatus.com/" data-view-component="true" class="Link--secondary Link">Status</a>
          </li>

          <li class="mx-2">
            <a data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;go to community&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;text:community&quot;}" href="https://github.community/" data-view-component="true" class="Link--secondary Link">Community</a>
          </li>

          <li class="mx-2">
            <a data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;go to docs&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;text:docs&quot;}" href="https://docs.github.com/" data-view-component="true" class="Link--secondary Link">Docs</a>
          </li>

          <li class="mx-2">
            <a data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;go to contact&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;text:contact&quot;}" href="https://support.github.com?tags=dotcom-footer" data-view-component="true" class="Link--secondary Link">Contact</a>
          </li>

          <li class="mx-2" >
  <cookie-consent-link>
    <button
      type="button"
      class="Link--secondary underline-on-hover border-0 p-0 color-bg-transparent"
      data-action="click:cookie-consent-link#showConsentManagement"
      data-analytics-event="{&quot;location&quot;:&quot;footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;cookies&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;subfooter&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;cookies_link_subfooter_footer&quot;}"
    >
       Manage cookies
    </button>
  </cookie-consent-link>
</li>

<li class="mx-2">
  <cookie-consent-link>
    <button
      type="button"
      class="Link--secondary underline-on-hover border-0 p-0 color-bg-transparent text-left"
      data-action="click:cookie-consent-link#showConsentManagement"
      data-analytics-event="{&quot;location&quot;:&quot;footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;dont_share_info&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;subfooter&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;dont_share_info_link_subfooter_footer&quot;}"
    >
      Do not share my personal information
    </button>
  </cookie-consent-link>
</li>

      </ul>
    </nav>
  </div>
</footer>



    <ghcc-consent id="ghcc" class="position-fixed bottom-0 left-0" style="z-index: 999999"
      data-locale="en"
      data-initial-cookie-consent-allowed=""
      data-cookie-consent-required="false"
    ></ghcc-consent>




  <div id="ajax-error-message" class="ajax-error-message flash flash-error" hidden>
    <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-alert">
    <path d="M6.457 1.047c.659-1.234 2.427-1.234 3.086 0l6.082 11.378A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.082 15H1.918a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.543-2.575Zm1.763.707a.25.25 0 0 0-.44 0L1.698 13.132a.25.25 0 0 0 .22.368h12.164a.25.25 0 0 0 .22-.368Zm.53 3.996v2.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0v-2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0ZM9 11a1 1 0 1 1-2 0 1 1 0 0 1 2 0Z"></path>
</svg>
    <button type="button" class="flash-close js-ajax-error-dismiss" aria-label="Dismiss error">
      <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-x">
    <path d="M3.72 3.72a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0L8 6.94l3.22-3.22a.749.749 0 0 1 1.275.326.749.749 0 0 1-.215.734L9.06 8l3.22 3.22a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L8 9.06l-3.22 3.22a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L6.94 8 3.72 4.78a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg>
    </button>
    You can’t perform that action at this time.
  </div>

    <template id="site-details-dialog">
  <details class="details-reset details-overlay details-overlay-dark lh-default color-fg-default hx_rsm" open>
    <summary role="button" aria-label="Close dialog"></summary>
    <details-dialog class="Box Box--overlay d-flex flex-column anim-fade-in fast hx_rsm-dialog hx_rsm-modal">
      <button class="Box-btn-octicon m-0 btn-octicon position-absolute right-0 top-0" type="button" aria-label="Close dialog" data-close-dialog>
        <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-x">
    <path d="M3.72 3.72a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0L8 6.94l3.22-3.22a.749.749 0 0 1 1.275.326.749.749 0 0 1-.215.734L9.06 8l3.22 3.22a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L8 9.06l-3.22 3.22a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L6.94 8 3.72 4.78a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg>
      </button>
      <div class="octocat-spinner tmp-my-6 js-details-dialog-spinner"></div>
    </details-dialog>
  </details>
</template>

    <div class="Popover js-hovercard-content position-absolute" style="display: none; outline: none;">
  <div class="Popover-message Popover-message--bottom-left Popover-message--large Box color-shadow-large" style="width:360px;">
  </div>
</div>

    <template id="snippet-clipboard-copy-button">
  <div class="zeroclipboard-container position-absolute right-0 top-0">
    <clipboard-copy aria-label="Copy" class="ClipboardButton btn js-clipboard-copy m-2 p-0" data-copy-feedback="Copied!" data-tooltip-direction="w">
      <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-copy js-clipboard-copy-icon m-2 tmp-m-2">
    <path d="M0 6.75C0 5.784.784 5 1.75 5h1.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-1.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h7.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-1.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v1.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 9.25 16h-7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25Z"></path><path d="M5 1.75C5 .784 5.784 0 6.75 0h7.5C15.216 0 16 .784 16 1.75v7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 11h-7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 5 9.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h7.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-7.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path>
</svg>
      <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-check js-clipboard-check-icon color-fg-success d-none m-2 tmp-m-2">
    <path d="M13.78 4.22a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-7.25 7.25a.75.75 0 0 1-1.06 0L2.22 9.28a.751.751 0 0 1 .018-1.042.751.751 0 0 1 1.042-.018L6 10.94l6.72-6.72a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0Z"></path>
</svg>
    </clipboard-copy>
  </div>
</template>
<template id="snippet-clipboard-copy-button-unpositioned">
  <div class="zeroclipboard-container">
    <clipboard-copy aria-label="Copy" class="ClipboardButton btn btn-invisible js-clipboard-copy m-2 p-0 d-flex flex-justify-center flex-items-center" data-copy-feedback="Copied!" data-tooltip-direction="w">
      <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-copy js-clipboard-copy-icon">
    <path d="M0 6.75C0 5.784.784 5 1.75 5h1.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-1.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h7.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-1.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v1.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 9.25 16h-7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25Z"></path><path d="M5 1.75C5 .784 5.784 0 6.75 0h7.5C15.216 0 16 .784 16 1.75v7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 11h-7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 5 9.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h7.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-7.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path>
</svg>
      <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-check js-clipboard-check-icon color-fg-success d-none">
    <path d="M13.78 4.22a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-7.25 7.25a.75.75 0 0 1-1.06 0L2.22 9.28a.751.751 0 0 1 .018-1.042.751.751 0 0 1 1.042-.018L6 10.94l6.72-6.72a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0Z"></path>
</svg>
    </clipboard-copy>
  </div>
</template>




    </div>
    <div id="js-global-screen-reader-notice" class="sr-only mt-n1" aria-live="polite" aria-atomic="true" ></div>
    <div id="js-global-screen-reader-notice-assertive" class="sr-only mt-n1" aria-live="assertive" aria-atomic="true"></div>
  </body>
</html>

----------------------------------------

Package: click-log
License: MIT
Requires: click
Author: Markus Unterwaditzer <markus@unterwaditzer.net>
Home page: https://github.com/click-contrib/click-log

Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Markus Unterwaditzer & contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

----------------------------------------

Package: configobj
License: BSD-3-clause
Requires: n/a
Author: Rob Dennis, Eli Courtwright (Michael Foord & Nicola Larosa original maintainers) <rdennis+configobj@gmail.com, eli@courtwright.org, michael@python.org, nico@tekNico.net>
Home page: https://github.com/DiffSK/configobj

Copyright (c): 
2003-2010, Michael Foord, Nicola Larosa
2014-2023, Eli Courtwright, Rob Dennis
All rights reserved.
E-mails : 
michael AT python DOT org
nico AT tekNico DOT net
eli AT courtwright DOT org
rdennis AT gmail DOT com


Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

2014
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
      copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
      disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided
      with the distribution.

    * Neither the names of Michael Foord, Eli Courtwright or Rob Dennis,
      nor the name of Voidspace,  may be used to endorse or promote 
      products derived from this software without specific prior written 
      permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

----------------------------------------

Package: frozenlist
License: Apache-2.0
Requires: n/a
Author: None
Home page: https://github.com/aio-libs/frozenlist

Apache License
                           Version 2.0, January 2004
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/

   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

   1. Definitions.

      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.

      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
      exercising permissions granted by this License.

      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation
      source, and configuration files.

      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
      and conversions to other media types.

      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.

   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
      as of the date such litigation is filed.

   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
      meet the following conditions:

      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
          stating that You changed the files; and

      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
          the Derivative Works; and

      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
          as modifying the License.

      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
      the conditions stated in this License.

   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "{}"
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
      identification within third-party archives.

   Copyright 2013-2019 Nikolay Kim and Andrew Svetlov

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

----------------------------------------

Package: icalendar
License: BSD-2-clause
Requires: python-dateutil, pytz
Author: Plone Foundation <plone-developers@lists.sourceforge.net>
Home page: https://github.com/collective/icalendar

NOTE: This module was missing a license file (despite listing a license name) so one has been auto-generated

The 2-Clause BSD License

Note: This license has also been called the "Simplified BSD License" and the "FreeBSD License". See also the 3-clause BSD License.

Copyright 2026 Plone Foundation <plone-developers@lists.sourceforge.net>

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

----------------------------------------

Package: idna
License: BSD-3-clause
Requires: n/a
Author: (unknown) <Kim Davies <kim+pypi@gumleaf.org>>
Home page: None

BSD 3-Clause License

Copyright (c) 2013-2025, Kim Davies and contributors.
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its
   contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
   this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

----------------------------------------

Package: khal
License: MIT
Requires: click, click_log, icalendar, urwid, pyxdg, pytz, python-dateutil, configobj, tzlocal
Author: (unknown) <khal contributors <khal@lostpackets.de>>
Home page: None

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html
  lang="en"
  
  data-color-mode="auto" data-light-theme="light" data-dark-theme="dark"
  data-a11y-animated-images="system" data-a11y-link-underlines="true"
  
  >




  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
  <link rel="dns-prefetch" href="https://github.githubassets.com">
  <link rel="dns-prefetch" href="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com">
  <link rel="dns-prefetch" href="https://github-cloud.s3.amazonaws.com">
  <link rel="dns-prefetch" href="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/">
  <link rel="preconnect" href="https://github.githubassets.com" crossorigin>
  <link rel="preconnect" href="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com">

  


  <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/light-2ff56e1b36116ee2.css" /><link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/light_high_contrast-f7f95d7633592089.css" /><link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark-2d1fe43dbc9adf1f.css" /><link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark_high_contrast-d530ee188d165539.css" /><link data-color-theme="light" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/light-2ff56e1b36116ee2.css" /><link data-color-theme="light_high_contrast" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/light_high_contrast-f7f95d7633592089.css" /><link data-color-theme="light_colorblind" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/light_colorblind-e4bbc49fc7b82570.css" /><link data-color-theme="light_colorblind_high_contrast" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/light_colorblind_high_contrast-cc3f126b45166b83.css" /><link data-color-theme="light_tritanopia" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/light_tritanopia-652ca611ea4e33fe.css" /><link data-color-theme="light_tritanopia_high_contrast" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/light_tritanopia_high_contrast-9e82d635cb6c3f49.css" /><link data-color-theme="dark" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark-2d1fe43dbc9adf1f.css" /><link data-color-theme="dark_high_contrast" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark_high_contrast-d530ee188d165539.css" /><link data-color-theme="dark_colorblind" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark_colorblind-3ad0ec21150df75b.css" /><link data-color-theme="dark_colorblind_high_contrast" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark_colorblind_high_contrast-5691ff467f71a3f6.css" /><link data-color-theme="dark_tritanopia" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark_tritanopia-abee7710893cd168.css" /><link data-color-theme="dark_tritanopia_high_contrast" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark_tritanopia_high_contrast-eafcf6cd46158360.css" /><link data-color-theme="dark_dimmed" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark_dimmed-c7974682a1a84c8d.css" /><link data-color-theme="dark_dimmed_high_contrast" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark_dimmed_high_contrast-f8dab3e04f94c501.css" />

  <style type="text/css">
    :root {
      --tab-size-preference: 4;
    }

    pre, code {
      tab-size: var(--tab-size-preference);
    }
  </style>

    <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-primitives-7f694b60439d06c0.css" />
    <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-b48faa60c69660fa.css" />
    <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/global-b40ec823a1a6a1af.css" />
    <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/github-f825c0edd7ad57f8.css" />
  <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/repository-0751f482f5210958.css" />
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/code-c22301b4e838281c.css" />

  

  <script type="application/json" id="client-env">{"locale":"en","featureFlags":["actions_custom_images_storage_billing_ui_visibility","actions_image_version_event","actions_workflow_language_service_allow_concurrency_queue","agent_conflict_resolution","alternate_user_config_repo","arianotify_comprehensive_migration","billing_discount_threshold_notification","code_scanning_dfa_degraded_experience_notice","codespaces_prebuild_region_target_update","codespaces_tab_react","coding_agent_model_selection","coding_agent_model_selection_all_skus","comment_viewer_copy_raw_markdown","contentful_primer_code_blocks","copilot_agent_snippy","copilot_api_agentic_issue_marshal_yaml","copilot_ask_mode_dropdown","copilot_automation_session_author","copilot_chat_attach_multiple_images","copilot_chat_category_rate_limit_messages","copilot_chat_clear_model_selection_for_default_change","copilot_chat_contextual_suggestions_updated","copilot_chat_enable_tool_call_logs","copilot_chat_file_redirect","copilot_chat_input_commands","copilot_chat_opening_thread_switch","copilot_chat_prettify_pasted_code","copilot_chat_reduce_quota_checks","copilot_chat_search_bar_redirect","copilot_chat_selection_attachments","copilot_chat_vision_in_claude","copilot_chat_vision_preview_gate","copilot_custom_copilots","copilot_custom_copilots_feature_preview","copilot_diff_explain_conversation_intent","copilot_diff_reference_context","copilot_duplicate_thread","copilot_extensions_hide_in_dotcom_chat","copilot_extensions_removal_on_marketplace","copilot_features_sql_server_logo","copilot_file_block_ref_matching","copilot_ftp_hyperspace_upgrade_prompt","copilot_icebreakers_experiment_dashboard","copilot_icebreakers_experiment_hyperspace","copilot_immersive_code_block_transition_wrap","copilot_immersive_embedded","copilot_immersive_embedded_deferred_payload","copilot_immersive_embedded_draggable","copilot_immersive_embedded_header_button","copilot_immersive_embedded_implicit_references","copilot_immersive_file_block_transition_open","copilot_immersive_file_preview_keep_mounted","copilot_immersive_job_result_preview","copilot_immersive_structured_model_picker","copilot_immersive_task_hyperlinking","copilot_immersive_task_within_chat_thread","copilot_mc_cli_resume_any_users_task","copilot_mission_control_always_send_integration_id","copilot_mission_control_cli_session_status","copilot_mission_control_initial_data_spinner","copilot_mission_control_logs_incremental","copilot_mission_control_task_alive_updates","copilot_org_policy_page_focus_mode","copilot_redirect_header_button_to_agents","copilot_resource_panel","copilot_scroll_preview_tabs","copilot_share_active_subthread","copilot_spaces_ga","copilot_spaces_individual_policies_ga","copilot_spaces_pagination","copilot_spark_empty_state","copilot_spark_handle_nil_friendly_name","copilot_swe_agent_hide_model_picker_if_only_auto","copilot_swe_agent_pr_comment_model_picker","copilot_swe_agent_use_subagents","copilot_task_api_github_rest_style","copilot_unconfigured_is_inherited","copilot_upgrade_freeze","copilot_usage_metrics_ga","copilot_workbench_slim_line_top_tabs","custom_instructions_file_references","dashboard_indexeddb_caching","dashboard_lists_max_age_filter","dashboard_universe_2025_feedback_dialog","dotgithub_fork_warning","flex_cta_groups_mvp","global_nav_react","hyperspace_2025_logged_out_batch_1","hyperspace_2025_logged_out_batch_2","hyperspace_2025_logged_out_batch_3","ipm_global_transactional_message_agents","ipm_global_transactional_message_copilot","ipm_global_transactional_message_issues","ipm_global_transactional_message_prs","ipm_global_transactional_message_repos","ipm_global_transactional_message_spaces","issue_cca_modal_open","issue_cca_multi_assign_modal","issue_cca_task_side_panel","issue_cca_visualization","issue_cca_visualization_session_panel","issue_fields_global_search","issues_expanded_file_types","issues_lazy_load_comment_box_suggestions","issues_react_chrome_container_query_fix","issues_search_type_gql","landing_pages_ninetailed","landing_pages_web_vitals_tracking","lifecycle_label_name_updates","low_quality_classifier","marketing_pages_search_explore_provider","memex_default_issue_create_repository","memex_live_update_hovercard","memex_mwl_filter_field_delimiter","memex_remove_deprecated_type_issue","merge_status_header_feedback","notifications_menu_defer_labels","oauth_authorize_clickjacking_protection","octocaptcha_origin_optimization","prs_conversations_react","prs_css_anchor_positioning","rules_insights_filter_bar_created","sample_network_conn_type","secret_scanning_pattern_alerts_link","security_center_artifact_filters_popover","session_logs_ungroup_reasoning_text","site_features_copilot_universe","site_homepage_collaborate_video","spark_prompt_secret_scanning","spark_server_connection_status","suppress_automated_browser_vitals","ui_skip_on_anchor_click","viewscreen_sandbox","warn_inaccessible_attachments","webp_support","workbench_store_readonly"],"copilotApiOverrideUrl":"https://api.githubcopilot.com"}</script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/high-contrast-cookie-218067197ba03c91.js"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/wp-runtime-3875d7670bb3f3b5.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/fetch-utilities-3140609b5732710f.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/28839-7adfdde5afeb1a03.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/85924-ac5602ef611dc506.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/34646-4c7883eb242d5210.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/environment-a12df3cf35884818.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/runtime-helpers-cb4dfbc9d23f30be.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/2966-d68f2b4558d86113.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/96232-540ff5f81016a9ca.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/41013-647932573fc130af.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/51210-45dfb7dd106f6b96.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/64247-73a9861fe185671f.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/81683-382ccc88e034ea1d.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/9338-f6bee5a8d66d930f.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/46740-5a373320e5ef9c01.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/67466-79abcbf599986a00.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/github-elements-61af8f0198be4afd.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/element-registry-41adcc85f60f3b4b.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/react-core-f502f65d782502b3.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/react-lib-1353f2cef82bcdc0.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/58889-5b136bc717e57a8b.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/79039-69acf717ffc901a4.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/61110-073153e0413daf3a.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/2887-91b9c645d570616a.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/26533-f22c29ae5e9b1ed2.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/86483-c3a819d46503a3da.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/37460-fcd4830a1194eace.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/60481-24b13ea726837f7b.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/46287-853bfcb69bb5b3f9.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/2498-f0375ed070e22e54.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/61025-5b1312da907b4074.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/89627-40275597692dc855.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/79087-4f706db8aa2ec0fb.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/49029-42bd0899fca05960.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/99328-a2c6b180d25cb160.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/behaviors-05170beef7088f93.js" defer="defer"></script>
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/react-core.58063f76e203853d.module.css" />
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/4244-97fb660009234136.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/notifications-global-442a23b66c306470.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/39373-075d662e5ab13538.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/code-menu-ad3e18f5935a3ed8.js" defer="defer"></script>
  
  <script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-react-ed05dc3d91bca0bd.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/octicons-react-60e727d7a1b6f52c.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/26175-f03ec9ebf800f925.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/37869-3811d0fa923a406d.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/68751-830b37204cdf7847.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/7463-30e02617b93e1c07.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/15272-0fca7ba11b03440f.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/32769-abc9916acf2cd4f1.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/36505-9798da05fe2143ec.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/46148-264173ef30e2e838.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/57712-831326500b842c0e.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/61545-6a3a31f92bb5e61a.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/20999-9b5648501d55c42d.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/98228-7a59d90d972526cc.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/63991-466700d8cea41498.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/59852-fc77b3df0a08d405.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/3624-b3e2357fda2101a2.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/66231-a2e789b56df018f7.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/71001-7431ccad12c501aa.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/33684-bbaee6839ab84dd8.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/18222-8b85d637a2041072.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/96755-770967b1236437cd.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/4916-0bb8c44ba1b3d0f7.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/75674-28ffd7157e7cb9e8.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/75601-d9eafa1fbbb5172b.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/8987-366fbcea269300af.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/41371-cf8b083f97b1e3cd.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/38184-1e8a3a630d385487.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/2231-845cd703452e2e93.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/41110-df3d2329c8277a27.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/88466-de2082408a4d301e.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/81587-bc07bc51c3c473ba.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/58085-77d3143b51231967.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/85146-e5757349b818963b.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/50110-0f4d902364ca3e5b.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/26497-005fb7ee8ecc7bb7.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/49135-83e58d929426d4a6.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/71920-723318c28b0f8f3a.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/code-view-e6b0130ddccd115e.js" defer="defer"></script>
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-react-css.00ba154d21e54e53.module.css" />
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/code-view.4278d8e251827456.module.css" />

  <script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/70234-1ee48b3a4eebdc7d.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/88041-84298a1fc336a8cb.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/notifications-subscriptions-menu-8099506844b1f494.js" defer="defer"></script>
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-react-css.00ba154d21e54e53.module.css" />
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/notifications-subscriptions-menu.1d4ba527bc20385c.module.css" />


  <title>khal/doc/source/license.rst at e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419 · pimutils/khal · GitHub</title>



  <meta name="route-pattern" content="/:user_id/:repository/blob/*name(/*path)" data-turbo-transient>
  <meta name="route-controller" content="blob" data-turbo-transient>
  <meta name="route-action" content="show" data-turbo-transient>
  <meta name="fetch-nonce" content="v2:391165a8-4c0f-179f-04f6-d004e4838f15">

    
  <meta name="current-catalog-service-hash" content="f3abb0cc802f3d7b95fc8762b94bdcb13bf39634c40c357301c4aa1d67a256fb">


  <meta name="request-id" content="A01A:2CA1A4:CD562A2:D14EBDF:69F75CEA" data-pjax-transient="true"/><meta name="html-safe-nonce" content="ef944be8cfd5400cf48f0fc34ca95f39913335fc2340527698da2e4bacf28f9c" data-pjax-transient="true"/><meta name="visitor-payload" content="eyJyZWZlcnJlciI6IiIsInJlcXVlc3RfaWQiOiJBMDFBOjJDQTFBNDpDRDU2MkEyOkQxNEVCREY6NjlGNzVDRUEiLCJ2aXNpdG9yX2lkIjoiMzUxNzk2MjMxNjEyNzEwMDEzOCIsInJlZ2lvbl9lZGdlIjoic2VhIiwicmVnaW9uX3JlbmRlciI6InNlYSJ9" data-pjax-transient="true"/><meta name="visitor-hmac" content="621bab0ea5bf79e6628db0e0bbc16af1ef3ae6814adf9d65d96f6002c515b056" data-pjax-transient="true"/>


    <meta name="hovercard-subject-tag" content="repository:12357974" data-turbo-transient>


  <meta name="github-keyboard-shortcuts" content="repository,source-code,file-tree,copilot" data-turbo-transient="true" />
  

  <meta name="selected-link" value="repo_source" data-turbo-transient>
  <link rel="assets" href="https://github.githubassets.com/">

    <meta name="google-site-verification" content="Apib7-x98H0j5cPqHWwSMm6dNU4GmODRoqxLiDzdx9I">

<meta name="octolytics-url" content="https://collector.github.com/github/collect" />





  <meta name="analytics-location" content="/&lt;user-name&gt;/&lt;repo-name&gt;/blob/show" data-turbo-transient="true" />

  




    <meta name="user-login" content="">

  

    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width">

    

      <meta name="description" content=":calendar: CLI calendar application. Contribute to pimutils/khal development by creating an account on GitHub.">

      <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml" href="/opensearch.xml" title="GitHub">

    <link rel="fluid-icon" href="https://github.com/fluidicon.png" title="GitHub">
    <meta property="fb:app_id" content="1401488693436528">
    <meta name="apple-itunes-app" content="app-id=1477376905, app-argument=https://github.com/pimutils/khal/blob/e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419/doc/source/license.rst" />

      <meta name="twitter:image" content="https://opengraph.githubassets.com/551b8b3165d1534fd30c279526d9ca69ad888d7fb88f1ae183991ad481bbd7cc/pimutils/khal" /><meta name="twitter:site" content="@github" /><meta name="twitter:card" content="summary_large_image" /><meta name="twitter:title" content="khal/doc/source/license.rst at e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419 · pimutils/khal" /><meta name="twitter:description" content=":calendar: CLI calendar application. Contribute to pimutils/khal development by creating an account on GitHub." />
  <meta property="og:image" content="https://opengraph.githubassets.com/551b8b3165d1534fd30c279526d9ca69ad888d7fb88f1ae183991ad481bbd7cc/pimutils/khal" /><meta property="og:image:alt" content=":calendar: CLI calendar application. Contribute to pimutils/khal development by creating an account on GitHub." /><meta property="og:image:width" content="1200" /><meta property="og:image:height" content="600" /><meta property="og:site_name" content="GitHub" /><meta property="og:type" content="object" /><meta property="og:title" content="khal/doc/source/license.rst at e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419 · pimutils/khal" /><meta property="og:url" content="https://github.com/pimutils/khal/blob/e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419/doc/source/license.rst" /><meta property="og:description" content=":calendar: CLI calendar application. Contribute to pimutils/khal development by creating an account on GitHub." />
  




      <meta name="hostname" content="github.com">



        <meta name="expected-hostname" content="github.com">


  <meta http-equiv="x-pjax-version" content="892f9bf170e8906395414b3d5dc8e78798bb0660d39cf4284b5700a4fc62fc96" data-turbo-track="reload">
  <meta http-equiv="x-pjax-csp-version" content="568c098497d98702bac1642a2a853732a047a6ced28eabd3e15d50041a890235" data-turbo-track="reload">
  <meta http-equiv="x-pjax-css-version" content="87721d1504a187fb3fcbfa6e98526d058edf6fa1163680dbb36bf70525df6ac4" data-turbo-track="reload">
  <meta http-equiv="x-pjax-js-version" content="0ea8bdf164c471f201263ff8f0b6109e1c835fd91a019be22e6ef28d744481a4" data-turbo-track="reload">

  <meta name="turbo-cache-control" content="no-preview" data-turbo-transient="">

      <meta name="turbo-cache-control" content="no-cache" data-turbo-transient>

    <meta data-hydrostats="publish">

  <meta name="go-import" content="github.com/pimutils/khal git https://github.com/pimutils/khal.git">

  <meta name="octolytics-dimension-user_id" content="17852924" /><meta name="octolytics-dimension-user_login" content="pimutils" /><meta name="octolytics-dimension-repository_id" content="12357974" /><meta name="octolytics-dimension-repository_nwo" content="pimutils/khal" /><meta name="octolytics-dimension-repository_public" content="true" /><meta name="octolytics-dimension-repository_is_fork" content="false" /><meta name="octolytics-dimension-repository_network_root_id" content="12357974" /><meta name="octolytics-dimension-repository_network_root_nwo" content="pimutils/khal" />
  



    

    <meta name="turbo-body-classes" content="logged-out env-production page-responsive">
  <meta name="disable-turbo" content="false">


  <meta name="browser-stats-url" content="https://api.github.com/_private/browser/stats">

  <meta name="browser-errors-url" content="https://api.github.com/_private/browser/errors">

  <meta name="release" content="769c182f4f3fd033561899e47793493ed57e7ac2">
  <meta name="ui-target" content="full">

  <link rel="mask-icon" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/pinned-octocat-093da3e6fa40.svg" color="#000000">
  <link rel="alternate icon" class="js-site-favicon" type="image/png" href="https://github.githubassets.com/favicons/favicon.png">
  <link rel="icon" class="js-site-favicon" type="image/svg+xml" href="https://github.githubassets.com/favicons/favicon.svg" data-base-href="https://github.githubassets.com/favicons/favicon">

<meta name="theme-color" content="#1e2327">
<meta name="color-scheme" content="light dark" />


  <link rel="manifest" href="/manifest.json" crossOrigin="use-credentials">

  </head>

  <body class="logged-out env-production page-responsive" style="word-wrap: break-word;" >
    <div data-turbo-body class="logged-out env-production page-responsive" style="word-wrap: break-word;" >
      <div id="__primerPortalRoot__" role="region" style="z-index: 1000; position: absolute; width: 100%;" data-turbo-permanent></div>
      

    <div class="position-relative header-wrapper js-header-wrapper ">
      <a href="#start-of-content" data-skip-target-assigned="false" class="px-2 tmp-py-4 color-bg-accent-emphasis color-fg-on-emphasis show-on-focus js-skip-to-content">Skip to content</a>

      <span data-view-component="true" class="progress-pjax-loader Progress position-fixed width-full">
    <span style="width: 0%;" data-view-component="true" class="Progress-item progress-pjax-loader-bar left-0 top-0 color-bg-accent-emphasis"></span>
</span>      
      
      <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-react-css.00ba154d21e54e53.module.css" />
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/keyboard-shortcuts-dialog.4ec51dca433f1103.module.css" />

<react-partial
  partial-name="keyboard-shortcuts-dialog"
  data-ssr="false"
  data-attempted-ssr="false"
  data-react-profiling="false"
>
  
  <script type="application/json" data-target="react-partial.embeddedData">{"props":{"docsUrl":"https://docs.github.com/get-started/accessibility/keyboard-shortcuts"}}</script>
  <div data-target="react-partial.reactRoot"></div>
</react-partial>





      

          

              
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/46752-7bd8967216f7ea42.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/90350-89ca7e5359af8f77.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/sessions-e0da6ce03532723c.js" defer="defer"></script>

<style>
  /* Override primer focus outline color for marketing header dropdown links for better contrast */
  [data-color-mode="light"] .HeaderMenu-dropdown-link:focus-visible,
  [data-color-mode="light"] .HeaderMenu-trailing-link a:focus-visible {
    outline-color: var(--color-accent-fg);
  }
</style>

<header class="HeaderMktg header-logged-out js-details-container js-header Details f4 tmp-py-3" role="banner" data-is-top="true" data-color-mode=auto data-light-theme=light data-dark-theme=dark>
  <h2 class="sr-only">Navigation Menu</h2>

  <button type="button" class="HeaderMktg-backdrop d-lg-none border-0 position-fixed top-0 left-0 width-full height-full js-details-target" aria-label="Toggle navigation">
    <span class="d-none">Toggle navigation</span>
  </button>

  <div class="d-flex flex-column flex-lg-row flex-items-center tmp-px-3 tmp-px-md-4 tmp-px-lg-5 height-full position-relative z-1">
    <div class="d-flex flex-justify-between flex-items-center width-full width-lg-auto">
      <div class="flex-1">
        <button aria-label="Toggle navigation" aria-expanded="false" type="button" data-view-component="true" class="js-details-target js-nav-padding-recalculate js-header-menu-toggle Button--link Button--medium Button d-lg-none color-fg-inherit p-1 tmp-p-1">  <span class="Button-content">
    <span class="Button-label"><div class="HeaderMenu-toggle-bar rounded my-1"></div>
            <div class="HeaderMenu-toggle-bar rounded my-1"></div>
            <div class="HeaderMenu-toggle-bar rounded my-1"></div></span>
  </span>
</button>
      </div>

      <a class="tmp-mr-lg-3 color-fg-inherit flex-order-2 js-prevent-focus-on-mobile-nav"
        href="/"
        aria-label="Homepage"
        data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Marketing nav&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;click to go to homepage&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;ref_page:Marketing;ref_cta:Logomark;ref_loc:Header&quot;}">
        <svg height="32" aria-hidden="true" viewBox="0 0 24 24" version="1.1" width="32" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-mark-github">
    <path d="M10.226 17.284c-2.965-.36-5.054-2.493-5.054-5.256 0-1.123.404-2.336 1.078-3.144-.292-.741-.247-2.314.09-2.965.898-.112 2.111.36 2.83 1.01.853-.269 1.752-.404 2.853-.404 1.1 0 1.999.135 2.807.382.696-.629 1.932-1.1 2.83-.988.315.606.36 2.179.067 2.942.72.854 1.101 2 1.101 3.167 0 2.763-2.089 4.852-5.098 5.234.763.494 1.28 1.572 1.28 2.807v2.336c0 .674.561 1.056 1.235.786 4.066-1.55 7.255-5.615 7.255-10.646C23.5 6.188 18.334 1 11.978 1 5.62 1 .5 6.188.5 12.545c0 4.986 3.167 9.12 7.435 10.669.606.225 1.19-.18 1.19-.786V20.63a2.9 2.9 0 0 1-1.078.224c-1.483 0-2.359-.808-2.987-2.313-.247-.607-.517-.966-1.034-1.033-.27-.023-.359-.135-.359-.27 0-.27.45-.471.898-.471.652 0 1.213.404 1.797 1.235.45.651.921.943 1.483.943.561 0 .92-.202 1.437-.719.382-.381.674-.718.944-.943"></path>
</svg>
      </a>

      <div class="d-flex flex-1 flex-order-2 text-right d-lg-none gap-2 flex-justify-end">
          <a
            href="/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fpimutils%2Fkhal%2Fblob%2Fe80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419%2Fdoc%2Fsource%2Flicense.rst"
            class="HeaderMenu-link HeaderMenu-button d-inline-flex f5 no-underline border color-border-default rounded-2 px-2 py-1 color-fg-inherit js-prevent-focus-on-mobile-nav"
            data-hydro-click="{&quot;event_type&quot;:&quot;authentication.click&quot;,&quot;payload&quot;:{&quot;location_in_page&quot;:&quot;site header menu&quot;,&quot;repository_id&quot;:null,&quot;auth_type&quot;:&quot;SIGN_UP&quot;,&quot;originating_url&quot;:&quot;https://github.com/pimutils/khal/blob/e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419/doc/source/license.rst&quot;,&quot;user_id&quot;:null}}" data-hydro-click-hmac="9912d372fc3ba01a71c6985ada0e29ed4a2446dcaeed5331ea23cd1d44dde965"
            data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Marketing nav&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;click to Sign in&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;ref_page:Marketing;ref_cta:Sign in;ref_loc:Header&quot;}"
          >
            Sign in
          </a>
              <div class="AppHeader-appearanceSettings">
    <react-partial-anchor>
      <button data-target="react-partial-anchor.anchor" id="icon-button-8e7210b4-f03d-4147-babd-cf8678270435" aria-labelledby="tooltip-63440507-9c60-4871-916c-4380f24344ef" type="button" disabled="disabled" data-view-component="true" class="Button Button--iconOnly Button--invisible Button--medium AppHeader-button HeaderMenu-link border cursor-wait">  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-sliders Button-visual">
    <path d="M15 2.75a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75h-4a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h4a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75Zm-8.5.75v1.25a.75.75 0 0 0 1.5 0v-4a.75.75 0 0 0-1.5 0V2H1.75a.75.75 0 0 0 0 1.5H6.5Zm1.25 5.25a.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5h-6a.75.75 0 0 0 0 1.5h6ZM15 8a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75H11.5V10a.75.75 0 1 1-1.5 0V6a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v1.25h2.75A.75.75 0 0 1 15 8Zm-9 5.25v-2a.75.75 0 0 0-1.5 0v1.25H1.75a.75.75 0 0 0 0 1.5H4.5v1.25a.75.75 0 0 0 1.5 0v-2Zm9 0a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75h-6a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h6a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75Z"></path>
</svg>
</button><tool-tip id="tooltip-63440507-9c60-4871-916c-4380f24344ef" for="icon-button-8e7210b4-f03d-4147-babd-cf8678270435" popover="manual" data-direction="s" data-type="label" data-view-component="true" class="sr-only position-absolute">Appearance settings</tool-tip>

      <template data-target="react-partial-anchor.template">
        <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-react-css.00ba154d21e54e53.module.css" />
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/appearance-settings.202aedbb190e067b.module.css" />

<react-partial
  partial-name="appearance-settings"
  data-ssr="false"
  data-attempted-ssr="false"
  data-react-profiling="false"
>
  
  <script type="application/json" data-target="react-partial.embeddedData">{"props":{}}</script>
  <div data-target="react-partial.reactRoot"></div>
</react-partial>


      </template>
    </react-partial-anchor>
  </div>

      </div>
    </div>


    <div class="HeaderMenu js-header-menu height-fit position-lg-relative d-lg-flex flex-column flex-auto top-0">
      <div class="HeaderMenu-wrapper d-flex flex-column flex-self-start flex-lg-row flex-auto rounded rounded-lg-0">
            <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-react-css.00ba154d21e54e53.module.css" />
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/marketing-navigation.09746fd4440cd1dd.module.css" />

<react-partial
  partial-name="marketing-navigation"
  data-ssr="true"
  data-attempted-ssr="true"
  data-react-profiling="false"
>
  
  <script type="application/json" data-target="react-partial.embeddedData">{"props":{"should_use_dotcom_links":true}}</script>
  <div data-target="react-partial.reactRoot"><nav class="MarketingNavigation-module__nav__W0KYY" aria-label="Global"><ul class="MarketingNavigation-module__list__tFbMb"><li><div class="NavDropdown-module__container__l2YeI js-details-container js-header-menu-item"><button type="button" class="NavDropdown-module__button__PEHWX js-details-target" aria-expanded="false">Platform<svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavDropdown-module__buttonIcon__Tkl8_" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></button><div class="NavDropdown-module__dropdown__xm1jd"><ul class="NavDropdown-module__list__zuCgG"><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">AI CODE CREATION</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/features/copilot" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;github_copilot&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;github_copilot_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-copilot NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M23.922 16.992c-.861 1.495-5.859 5.023-11.922 5.023-6.063 0-11.061-3.528-11.922-5.023A.641.641 0 0 1 0 16.736v-2.869a.841.841 0 0 1 .053-.22c.372-.935 1.347-2.292 2.605-2.656.167-.429.414-1.055.644-1.517a10.195 10.195 0 0 1-.052-1.086c0-1.331.282-2.499 1.132-3.368.397-.406.89-.717 1.474-.952 1.399-1.136 3.392-2.093 6.122-2.093 2.731 0 4.767.957 6.166 2.093.584.235 1.077.546 1.474.952.85.869 1.132 2.037 1.132 3.368 0 .368-.014.733-.052 1.086.23.462.477 1.088.644 1.517 1.258.364 2.233 1.721 2.605 2.656a.832.832 0 0 1 .053.22v2.869a.641.641 0 0 1-.078.256ZM12.172 11h-.344a4.323 4.323 0 0 1-.355.508C10.703 12.455 9.555 13 7.965 13c-1.725 0-2.989-.359-3.782-1.259a2.005 2.005 0 0 1-.085-.104L4 11.741v6.585c1.435.779 4.514 2.179 8 2.179 3.486 0 6.565-1.4 8-2.179v-6.585l-.098-.104s-.033.045-.085.104c-.793.9-2.057 1.259-3.782 1.259-1.59 0-2.738-.545-3.508-1.492a4.323 4.323 0 0 1-.355-.508h-.016.016Zm.641-2.935c.136 1.057.403 1.913.878 2.497.442.544 1.134.938 2.344.938 1.573 0 2.292-.337 2.657-.751.384-.435.558-1.15.558-2.361 0-1.14-.243-1.847-.705-2.319-.477-.488-1.319-.862-2.824-1.025-1.487-.161-2.192.138-2.533.529-.269.307-.437.808-.438 1.578v.021c0 .265.021.562.063.893Zm-1.626 0c.042-.331.063-.628.063-.894v-.02c-.001-.77-.169-1.271-.438-1.578-.341-.391-1.046-.69-2.533-.529-1.505.163-2.347.537-2.824 1.025-.462.472-.705 1.179-.705 2.319 0 1.211.175 1.926.558 2.361.365.414 1.084.751 2.657.751 1.21 0 1.902-.394 2.344-.938.475-.584.742-1.44.878-2.497Z"></path><path d="M14.5 14.25a1 1 0 0 1 1 1v2a1 1 0 0 1-2 0v-2a1 1 0 0 1 1-1Zm-5 0a1 1 0 0 1 1 1v2a1 1 0 0 1-2 0v-2a1 1 0 0 1 1-1Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">GitHub Copilot</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Write better code with AI</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/features/spark" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;github_spark&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;github_spark_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-sparkle-fill NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M11.296 1.924c.24-.656 1.168-.656 1.408 0l.717 1.958a11.25 11.25 0 0 0 6.697 6.697l1.958.717c.657.24.657 1.168 0 1.408l-1.958.717a11.25 11.25 0 0 0-6.697 6.697l-.717 1.958c-.24.657-1.168.657-1.408 0l-.717-1.958a11.25 11.25 0 0 0-6.697-6.697l-1.958-.717c-.656-.24-.656-1.168 0-1.408l1.958-.717a11.25 11.25 0 0 0 6.697-6.697l.717-1.958Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">GitHub Spark</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Build and deploy intelligent apps</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/features/models" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;github_models&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;github_models_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-ai-model NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M19.375 8.5a3.25 3.25 0 1 1-3.163 4h-3a3.252 3.252 0 0 1-4.443 2.509L7.214 17.76a3.25 3.25 0 1 1-1.342-.674l1.672-2.957A3.238 3.238 0 0 1 6.75 12c0-.907.371-1.727.97-2.316L6.117 6.846A3.253 3.253 0 0 1 1.875 3.75a3.25 3.25 0 1 1 5.526 2.32l1.603 2.836A3.25 3.25 0 0 1 13.093 11h3.119a3.252 3.252 0 0 1 3.163-2.5ZM10 10.25a1.75 1.75 0 1 0-.001 3.499A1.75 1.75 0 0 0 10 10.25ZM5.125 2a1.75 1.75 0 1 0 0 3.5 1.75 1.75 0 0 0 0-3.5Zm12.5 9.75a1.75 1.75 0 1 0 3.5 0 1.75 1.75 0 0 0-3.5 0Zm-14.25 8.5a1.75 1.75 0 1 0 3.501-.001 1.75 1.75 0 0 0-3.501.001Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">GitHub Models</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Manage and compare prompts</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/mcp" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;mcp_registry&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;mcp_registry_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-mcp NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M9.795 1.694a4.287 4.287 0 0 1 6.061 0 4.28 4.28 0 0 1 1.181 3.819 4.282 4.282 0 0 1 3.819 1.181 4.287 4.287 0 0 1 0 6.061l-6.793 6.793a.249.249 0 0 0 0 .353l2.617 2.618a.75.75 0 1 1-1.061 1.061l-2.617-2.618a1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0-2.475l6.793-6.793a2.785 2.785 0 1 0-3.939-3.939l-5.9 5.9a.734.734 0 0 1-.249.165.749.749 0 0 1-.812-1.225l5.9-5.901a2.785 2.785 0 1 0-3.939-3.939L2.931 10.68A.75.75 0 1 1 1.87 9.619l7.925-7.925Z"></path><path d="M12.42 4.069a.752.752 0 0 1 1.061 0 .752.752 0 0 1 0 1.061L7.33 11.28a2.788 2.788 0 0 0 0 3.94 2.788 2.788 0 0 0 3.94 0l6.15-6.151a.752.752 0 0 1 1.061 0 .752.752 0 0 1 0 1.061l-6.151 6.15a4.285 4.285 0 1 1-6.06-6.06l6.15-6.151Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">MCP Registry<sup class="NavLink-module__label__bil7n">New</sup></span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Integrate external tools</span></div></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">DEVELOPER WORKFLOWS</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/features/actions" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;actions&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;actions_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-workflow NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M1 3a2 2 0 0 1 2-2h6.5a2 2 0 0 1 2 2v6.5a2 2 0 0 1-2 2H7v4.063C7 16.355 7.644 17 8.438 17H12.5v-2.5a2 2 0 0 1 2-2H21a2 2 0 0 1 2 2V21a2 2 0 0 1-2 2h-6.5a2 2 0 0 1-2-2v-2.5H8.437A2.939 2.939 0 0 1 5.5 15.562V11.5H3a2 2 0 0 1-2-2Zm2-.5a.5.5 0 0 0-.5.5v6.5a.5.5 0 0 0 .5.5h6.5a.5.5 0 0 0 .5-.5V3a.5.5 0 0 0-.5-.5ZM14.5 14a.5.5 0 0 0-.5.5V21a.5.5 0 0 0 .5.5H21a.5.5 0 0 0 .5-.5v-6.5a.5.5 0 0 0-.5-.5Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Actions</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Automate any workflow</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/features/codespaces" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;codespaces&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;codespaces_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-codespaces NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.5 3.75C3.5 2.784 4.284 2 5.25 2h13.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 18.75 13H5.25a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.75-1.75Zm-2 12c0-.966.784-1.75 1.75-1.75h17.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v4a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.75 1.75H3.25a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.75-1.75ZM5.25 3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h13.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-7.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Zm-2 12a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v4c0 .138.112.25.25.25h17.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-4a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path><path d="M10 17.75a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75h6.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-6.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.75-.75Zm-4 0a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.75-.75Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Codespaces</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Instant dev environments</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/features/issues" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;issues&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;issues_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-issue-opened NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M12 1c6.075 0 11 4.925 11 11s-4.925 11-11 11S1 18.075 1 12 5.925 1 12 1ZM2.5 12a9.5 9.5 0 0 0 9.5 9.5 9.5 9.5 0 0 0 9.5-9.5A9.5 9.5 0 0 0 12 2.5 9.5 9.5 0 0 0 2.5 12Zm9.5 2a2 2 0 1 1-.001-3.999A2 2 0 0 1 12 14Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Issues</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Plan and track work</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/features/code-review" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;code_review&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;code_review_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-code NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M15.22 4.97a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l6.5 6.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-6.5 6.5a.749.749 0 0 1-1.275-.326.749.749 0 0 1 .215-.734L21.19 12l-5.97-5.97a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Zm-6.44 0a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06L2.81 12l5.97 5.97a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215l-6.5-6.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06l6.5-6.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Code Review</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Manage code changes</span></div></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">APPLICATION SECURITY</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/security/advanced-security" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;github_advanced_security&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;github_advanced_security_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-shield-check NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M16.53 9.78a.75.75 0 0 0-1.06-1.06L11 13.19l-1.97-1.97a.75.75 0 0 0-1.06 1.06l2.5 2.5a.75.75 0 0 0 1.06 0l5-5Z"></path><path d="m12.54.637 8.25 2.675A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 22 4.976V10c0 6.19-3.771 10.704-9.401 12.83a1.704 1.704 0 0 1-1.198 0C5.77 20.705 2 16.19 2 10V4.976c0-.758.489-1.43 1.21-1.664L11.46.637a1.748 1.748 0 0 1 1.08 0Zm-.617 1.426-8.25 2.676a.249.249 0 0 0-.173.237V10c0 5.46 3.28 9.483 8.43 11.426a.199.199 0 0 0 .14 0C17.22 19.483 20.5 15.461 20.5 10V4.976a.25.25 0 0 0-.173-.237l-8.25-2.676a.253.253 0 0 0-.154 0Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">GitHub Advanced Security</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Find and fix vulnerabilities</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/security/advanced-security/code-security" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;code_security&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;code_security_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-code-square NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M10.3 8.24a.75.75 0 0 1-.04 1.06L7.352 12l2.908 2.7a.75.75 0 1 1-1.02 1.1l-3.5-3.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.1l3.5-3.25a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06.04Zm3.44 1.06a.75.75 0 1 1 1.02-1.1l3.5 3.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.1l-3.5 3.25a.75.75 0 1 1-1.02-1.1l2.908-2.7-2.908-2.7Z"></path><path d="M2 3.75C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2h16.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v16.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 20.25 22H3.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 20.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v16.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h16.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V3.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Code security</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Secure your code as you build</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/security/advanced-security/secret-protection" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;secret_protection&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;secret_protection_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-lock NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6 9V7.25C6 3.845 8.503 1 12 1s6 2.845 6 6.25V9h.5a2.5 2.5 0 0 1 2.5 2.5v8a2.5 2.5 0 0 1-2.5 2.5h-13A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 3 19.5v-8A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 5.5 9Zm-1.5 2.5v8a1 1 0 0 0 1 1h13a1 1 0 0 0 1-1v-8a1 1 0 0 0-1-1h-13a1 1 0 0 0-1 1Zm3-4.25V9h9V7.25c0-2.67-1.922-4.75-4.5-4.75-2.578 0-4.5 2.08-4.5 4.75Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Secret protection</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Stop leaks before they start</span></div></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ NavGroup-module__hasSeparator__FnMrN"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">EXPLORE</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/why-github" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;why_github&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;why_github_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Why GitHub</span></a></li><li><a href="https://docs.github.com" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;documentation&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;documentation_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Documentation</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li><li><a href="https://github.blog" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;blog&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;blog_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Blog</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li><li><a href="https://github.blog/changelog" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;changelog&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;changelog_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Changelog</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/marketplace" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;marketplace&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;marketplace_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Marketplace</span></a></li></ul></div></li></ul><div class="NavDropdown-module__trailingLinkContainer__VgJGL"><a href="https://github.com/features" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;view_all_features&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;view_all_features_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">View all features</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavLink-module__arrowIcon__amekg" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></a></div></div></div></li><li><div class="NavDropdown-module__container__l2YeI js-details-container js-header-menu-item"><button type="button" class="NavDropdown-module__button__PEHWX js-details-target" aria-expanded="false">Solutions<svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavDropdown-module__buttonIcon__Tkl8_" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></button><div class="NavDropdown-module__dropdown__xm1jd"><ul class="NavDropdown-module__list__zuCgG"><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">BY COMPANY SIZE</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/enterprise" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;enterprises&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;enterprises_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Enterprises</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/team" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;small_and_medium_teams&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;small_and_medium_teams_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Small and medium teams</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/enterprise/startups" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;startups&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;startups_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Startups</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/industry/nonprofits" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;nonprofits&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;nonprofits_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Nonprofits</span></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">BY USE CASE</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/use-case/app-modernization" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;app_modernization&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;app_modernization_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">App Modernization</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/use-case/devsecops" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;devsecops&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;devsecops_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">DevSecOps</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/use-case/devops" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;devops&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;devops_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">DevOps</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/use-case/ci-cd" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;ci/cd&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;ci/cd_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">CI/CD</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/use-case" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;view_all_use_cases&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;view_all_use_cases_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">View all use cases</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavLink-module__arrowIcon__amekg" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">BY INDUSTRY</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/industry/healthcare" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;healthcare&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;healthcare_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Healthcare</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/industry/financial-services" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;financial_services&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;financial_services_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Financial services</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/industry/manufacturing" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;manufacturing&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;manufacturing_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Manufacturing</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/industry/government" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;government&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;government_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Government</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/industry" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;view_all_industries&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;view_all_industries_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">View all industries</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavLink-module__arrowIcon__amekg" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></a></li></ul></div></li></ul><div class="NavDropdown-module__trailingLinkContainer__VgJGL"><a href="https://github.com/solutions" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;view_all_solutions&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;view_all_solutions_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">View all solutions</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavLink-module__arrowIcon__amekg" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></a></div></div></div></li><li><div class="NavDropdown-module__container__l2YeI js-details-container js-header-menu-item"><button type="button" class="NavDropdown-module__button__PEHWX js-details-target" aria-expanded="false">Resources<svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavDropdown-module__buttonIcon__Tkl8_" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></button><div class="NavDropdown-module__dropdown__xm1jd"><ul class="NavDropdown-module__list__zuCgG"><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">EXPLORE BY TOPIC</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/resources/articles?topic=ai" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;ai&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;ai_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">AI</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/resources/articles?topic=software-development" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;software_development&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;software_development_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Software Development</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/resources/articles?topic=devops" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;devops&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;devops_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">DevOps</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/resources/articles?topic=security" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;security&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;security_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Security</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/resources/articles" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;view_all_topics&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;view_all_topics_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">View all topics</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavLink-module__arrowIcon__amekg" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">EXPLORE BY TYPE</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/customer-stories" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;customer_stories&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;customer_stories_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Customer stories</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/resources/events" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;events__webinars&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;events__webinars_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Events &amp; webinars</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/resources/whitepapers" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;ebooks__reports&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;ebooks__reports_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Ebooks &amp; reports</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/executive-insights" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;business_insights&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;business_insights_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Business insights</span></a></li><li><a href="https://skills.github.com" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;github_skills&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;github_skills_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">GitHub Skills</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">SUPPORT &amp; SERVICES</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://docs.github.com" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;documentation&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;documentation_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Documentation</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li><li><a href="https://support.github.com" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;customer_support&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;customer_support_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Customer support</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;community_forum&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;community_forum_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Community forum</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/trust-center" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;trust_center&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;trust_center_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Trust center</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/partners" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;partners&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;partners_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Partners</span></a></li></ul></div></li></ul><div class="NavDropdown-module__trailingLinkContainer__VgJGL"><a href="https://github.com/resources" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;view_all_resources&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;view_all_resources_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">View all resources</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavLink-module__arrowIcon__amekg" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></a></div></div></div></li><li><div class="NavDropdown-module__container__l2YeI js-details-container js-header-menu-item"><button type="button" class="NavDropdown-module__button__PEHWX js-details-target" aria-expanded="false">Open Source<svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavDropdown-module__buttonIcon__Tkl8_" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></button><div class="NavDropdown-module__dropdown__xm1jd"><ul class="NavDropdown-module__list__zuCgG"><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">COMMUNITY</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/sponsors" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;github_sponsors&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;github_sponsors_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-sponsor-tiers NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M16.004 1.25C18.311 1.25 20 3.128 20 5.75c0 2.292-1.23 4.464-3.295 6.485-.481.47-.98.909-1.482 1.31l.265 1.32 1.375 7.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.982.844l-3.512-1.207a.75.75 0 0 0-.488 0L8.37 23.209a.75.75 0 0 1-.982-.844l1.378-7.512.261-1.309c-.5-.4-1-.838-1.481-1.31C5.479 10.215 4.25 8.043 4.25 5.75c0-2.622 1.689-4.5 3.996-4.5 1.55 0 2.947.752 3.832 1.967l.047.067.047-.067a4.726 4.726 0 0 1 3.612-1.962l.22-.005ZM13.89 14.531c-.418.285-.828.542-1.218.77l-.18.103a.75.75 0 0 1-.734 0l-.071-.04-.46-.272c-.282-.173-.573-.36-.868-.562l-.121.605-1.145 6.239 2.3-.79a2.248 2.248 0 0 1 1.284-.054l.18.053 2.299.79-1.141-6.226-.125-.616ZM16.004 2.75c-1.464 0-2.731.983-3.159 2.459-.209.721-1.231.721-1.44 0-.428-1.476-1.695-2.459-3.16-2.459-1.44 0-2.495 1.173-2.495 3 0 1.811 1.039 3.647 2.844 5.412a19.624 19.624 0 0 0 3.734 2.84l-.019-.011-.184-.111.147-.088a19.81 19.81 0 0 0 3.015-2.278l.37-.352C17.46 9.397 18.5 7.561 18.5 5.75c0-1.827-1.055-3-2.496-3Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">GitHub Sponsors</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Fund open source developers</span></div></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">PROGRAMS</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://securitylab.github.com" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;security_lab&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;security_lab_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Security Lab</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li><li><a href="https://maintainers.github.com" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;maintainer_community&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;maintainer_community_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Maintainer Community</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/accelerator" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;accelerator&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;accelerator_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Accelerator</span></a></li><li><a href="https://stars.github.com" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;github_stars&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;github_stars_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">GitHub Stars</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li><li><a href="https://archiveprogram.github.com" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;archive_program&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;archive_program_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Archive Program</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">REPOSITORIES</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/topics" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;topics&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;topics_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Topics</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/trending" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;trending&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;trending_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Trending</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/collections" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;collections&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;collections_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Collections</span></a></li></ul></div></li></ul></div></div></li><li><div class="NavDropdown-module__container__l2YeI js-details-container js-header-menu-item"><button type="button" class="NavDropdown-module__button__PEHWX js-details-target" aria-expanded="false">Enterprise<svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavDropdown-module__buttonIcon__Tkl8_" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></button><div class="NavDropdown-module__dropdown__xm1jd"><ul class="NavDropdown-module__list__zuCgG"><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/enterprise" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;enterprise_platform&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;enterprise&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;enterprise_platform_link_enterprise_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-stack NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M11.063 1.456a1.749 1.749 0 0 1 1.874 0l8.383 5.316a1.751 1.751 0 0 1 0 2.956l-8.383 5.316a1.749 1.749 0 0 1-1.874 0L2.68 9.728a1.751 1.751 0 0 1 0-2.956Zm1.071 1.267a.25.25 0 0 0-.268 0L3.483 8.039a.25.25 0 0 0 0 .422l8.383 5.316a.25.25 0 0 0 .268 0l8.383-5.316a.25.25 0 0 0 0-.422Z"></path><path d="M1.867 12.324a.75.75 0 0 1 1.035-.232l8.964 5.685a.25.25 0 0 0 .268 0l8.964-5.685a.75.75 0 0 1 .804 1.267l-8.965 5.685a1.749 1.749 0 0 1-1.874 0l-8.965-5.685a.75.75 0 0 1-.231-1.035Z"></path><path d="M1.867 16.324a.75.75 0 0 1 1.035-.232l8.964 5.685a.25.25 0 0 0 .268 0l8.964-5.685a.75.75 0 0 1 .804 1.267l-8.965 5.685a1.749 1.749 0 0 1-1.874 0l-8.965-5.685a.75.75 0 0 1-.231-1.035Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Enterprise platform</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">AI-powered developer platform</span></div></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">AVAILABLE ADD-ONS</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/security/advanced-security" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;github_advanced_security&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;enterprise&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;github_advanced_security_link_enterprise_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-shield-check NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M16.53 9.78a.75.75 0 0 0-1.06-1.06L11 13.19l-1.97-1.97a.75.75 0 0 0-1.06 1.06l2.5 2.5a.75.75 0 0 0 1.06 0l5-5Z"></path><path d="m12.54.637 8.25 2.675A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 22 4.976V10c0 6.19-3.771 10.704-9.401 12.83a1.704 1.704 0 0 1-1.198 0C5.77 20.705 2 16.19 2 10V4.976c0-.758.489-1.43 1.21-1.664L11.46.637a1.748 1.748 0 0 1 1.08 0Zm-.617 1.426-8.25 2.676a.249.249 0 0 0-.173.237V10c0 5.46 3.28 9.483 8.43 11.426a.199.199 0 0 0 .14 0C17.22 19.483 20.5 15.461 20.5 10V4.976a.25.25 0 0 0-.173-.237l-8.25-2.676a.253.253 0 0 0-.154 0Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">GitHub Advanced Security</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Enterprise-grade security features</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/features/copilot/copilot-business" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;copilot_for_business&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;enterprise&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;copilot_for_business_link_enterprise_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-copilot NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M23.922 16.992c-.861 1.495-5.859 5.023-11.922 5.023-6.063 0-11.061-3.528-11.922-5.023A.641.641 0 0 1 0 16.736v-2.869a.841.841 0 0 1 .053-.22c.372-.935 1.347-2.292 2.605-2.656.167-.429.414-1.055.644-1.517a10.195 10.195 0 0 1-.052-1.086c0-1.331.282-2.499 1.132-3.368.397-.406.89-.717 1.474-.952 1.399-1.136 3.392-2.093 6.122-2.093 2.731 0 4.767.957 6.166 2.093.584.235 1.077.546 1.474.952.85.869 1.132 2.037 1.132 3.368 0 .368-.014.733-.052 1.086.23.462.477 1.088.644 1.517 1.258.364 2.233 1.721 2.605 2.656a.832.832 0 0 1 .053.22v2.869a.641.641 0 0 1-.078.256ZM12.172 11h-.344a4.323 4.323 0 0 1-.355.508C10.703 12.455 9.555 13 7.965 13c-1.725 0-2.989-.359-3.782-1.259a2.005 2.005 0 0 1-.085-.104L4 11.741v6.585c1.435.779 4.514 2.179 8 2.179 3.486 0 6.565-1.4 8-2.179v-6.585l-.098-.104s-.033.045-.085.104c-.793.9-2.057 1.259-3.782 1.259-1.59 0-2.738-.545-3.508-1.492a4.323 4.323 0 0 1-.355-.508h-.016.016Zm.641-2.935c.136 1.057.403 1.913.878 2.497.442.544 1.134.938 2.344.938 1.573 0 2.292-.337 2.657-.751.384-.435.558-1.15.558-2.361 0-1.14-.243-1.847-.705-2.319-.477-.488-1.319-.862-2.824-1.025-1.487-.161-2.192.138-2.533.529-.269.307-.437.808-.438 1.578v.021c0 .265.021.562.063.893Zm-1.626 0c.042-.331.063-.628.063-.894v-.02c-.001-.77-.169-1.271-.438-1.578-.341-.391-1.046-.69-2.533-.529-1.505.163-2.347.537-2.824 1.025-.462.472-.705 1.179-.705 2.319 0 1.211.175 1.926.558 2.361.365.414 1.084.751 2.657.751 1.21 0 1.902-.394 2.344-.938.475-.584.742-1.44.878-2.497Z"></path><path d="M14.5 14.25a1 1 0 0 1 1 1v2a1 1 0 0 1-2 0v-2a1 1 0 0 1 1-1Zm-5 0a1 1 0 0 1 1 1v2a1 1 0 0 1-2 0v-2a1 1 0 0 1 1-1Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Copilot for Business</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Enterprise-grade AI features</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/premium-support" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;premium_support&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;enterprise&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;premium_support_link_enterprise_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-comment-discussion NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M1.75 1h12.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v9.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 14H8.061l-2.574 2.573A1.458 1.458 0 0 1 3 15.543V14H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 12.25v-9.5C0 1.784.784 1 1.75 1ZM1.5 2.75v9.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h2a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v2.19l2.72-2.72a.749.749 0 0 1 .53-.22h6.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-9.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25H1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25Z"></path><path d="M22.5 8.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25h-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h3.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v9.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 22.25 20H21v1.543a1.457 1.457 0 0 1-2.487 1.03L15.939 20H10.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 9 18.25v-1.465a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v1.465c0 .138.112.25.25.25h5.5a.75.75 0 0 1 .53.22l2.72 2.72v-2.19a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75h2a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-9.5Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Premium Support</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Enterprise-grade 24/7 support</span></div></a></li></ul></div></li></ul></div></div></li><li><a href="https://github.com/pricing" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;pricing&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;pricing&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;pricing_link_pricing_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4 MarketingNavigation-module__navLink__hUomM"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Pricing</span></a></li></ul></nav><script type="application/json" id="__PRIMER_DATA__R_0___">{"resolvedServerColorMode":"day"}</script></div>
</react-partial>



        <div class="d-flex flex-column flex-lg-row width-full flex-justify-end flex-lg-items-center text-center tmp-mt-3 tmp-mt-lg-0 text-lg-left tmp-ml-lg-3">
                


<qbsearch-input class="search-input" data-scope="repo:pimutils/khal" data-custom-scopes-path="/search/custom_scopes" data-delete-custom-scopes-csrf="Epf_jiqm7Deawu_oNTeLrti75wpNnqmMiAERUg65V2NQ2vQonxN9KoO6MCI6RB0P6Nv9Kki3_UWmtFO10Mc5Hg" data-max-custom-scopes="10" data-header-redesign-enabled="false" data-initial-value="" data-blackbird-suggestions-path="/search/suggestions" data-jump-to-suggestions-path="/_graphql/GetSuggestedNavigationDestinations" data-current-repository="pimutils/khal" data-current-org="pimutils" data-current-owner="" data-logged-in="false" data-copilot-chat-enabled="false" data-nl-search-enabled="false" data-retain-scroll-position="true">
  <div
    class="search-input-container search-with-dialog position-relative d-flex flex-row flex-items-center tmp-mr-4 rounded"
    data-action="click:qbsearch-input#searchInputContainerClicked"
  >
      <button
        type="button"
        class="header-search-button placeholder  input-button form-control d-flex flex-1 flex-self-stretch flex-items-center no-wrap width-full py-0 pl-2 pr-0 text-left border-0 box-shadow-none"
        data-target="qbsearch-input.inputButton"
        aria-label="Search or jump to…"
        aria-haspopup="dialog"
        placeholder="Search or jump to..."
        data-hotkey=s,/
        autocapitalize="off"
        data-analytics-event="{&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;searchbar&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;global&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;input&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;searchbar_input_global_navbar&quot;}"
        data-action="click:qbsearch-input#handleExpand"
      >
        <div class="mr-2 color-fg-muted">
          <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-search">
    <path d="M10.68 11.74a6 6 0 0 1-7.922-8.982 6 6 0 0 1 8.982 7.922l3.04 3.04a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215ZM11.5 7a4.499 4.499 0 1 0-8.997 0A4.499 4.499 0 0 0 11.5 7Z"></path>
</svg>
        </div>
        <span class="flex-1" data-target="qbsearch-input.inputButtonText">Search or jump to...</span>
          <div class="d-flex" data-target="qbsearch-input.hotkeyIndicator">
            <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="22" height="20" aria-hidden="true" class="mr-1"><path fill="none" stroke="#979A9C" opacity=".4" d="M3.5.5h12c1.7 0 3 1.3 3 3v13c0 1.7-1.3 3-3 3h-12c-1.7 0-3-1.3-3-3v-13c0-1.7 1.3-3 3-3z"></path><path fill="#979A9C" d="M11.8 6L8 15.1h-.9L10.8 6h1z"></path></svg>
          </div>
      </button>

    <input type="hidden" name="type" class="js-site-search-type-field">

    
<div class="Overlay--hidden " data-modal-dialog-overlay>
  <modal-dialog data-action="close:qbsearch-input#handleClose cancel:qbsearch-input#handleClose" data-target="qbsearch-input.searchSuggestionsDialog" role="dialog" id="search-suggestions-dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="search-suggestions-dialog-header" data-view-component="true" class="Overlay Overlay--width-large Overlay--height-auto">
      <h1 id="search-suggestions-dialog-header" class="sr-only">Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests...</h1>
    <div class="Overlay-body Overlay-body--paddingNone">
      
          <div data-view-component="true">        <div class="search-suggestions position-fixed width-full color-shadow-large border color-fg-default color-bg-default overflow-hidden d-flex flex-column query-builder-container"
          style="border-radius: 12px;"
          data-target="qbsearch-input.queryBuilderContainer"
          hidden
        >
          <!-- '"` --><!-- </textarea></xmp> --></option></form><form id="query-builder-test-form" action="" accept-charset="UTF-8" method="get">
  <query-builder data-target="qbsearch-input.queryBuilder" id="query-builder-query-builder-test" data-filter-key=":" data-view-component="true" class="QueryBuilder search-query-builder">
    <div class="FormControl FormControl--fullWidth">
      <label id="query-builder-test-label" for="query-builder-test" class="FormControl-label sr-only">
        Search
      </label>
      <div
        class="QueryBuilder-StyledInput width-fit "
        data-target="query-builder.styledInput"
      >
          <span id="query-builder-test-leadingvisual-wrap" class="FormControl-input-leadingVisualWrap QueryBuilder-leadingVisualWrap">
            <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-search FormControl-input-leadingVisual">
    <path d="M10.68 11.74a6 6 0 0 1-7.922-8.982 6 6 0 0 1 8.982 7.922l3.04 3.04a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215ZM11.5 7a4.499 4.499 0 1 0-8.997 0A4.499 4.499 0 0 0 11.5 7Z"></path>
</svg>
          </span>
        <div data-target="query-builder.styledInputContainer" class="QueryBuilder-StyledInputContainer">
          <div
            aria-hidden="true"
            class="QueryBuilder-StyledInputContent"
            data-target="query-builder.styledInputContent"
          ></div>
          <div class="QueryBuilder-InputWrapper">
            <div aria-hidden="true" class="QueryBuilder-Sizer" data-target="query-builder.sizer"></div>
            <input id="query-builder-test" name="query-builder-test" value="" autocomplete="off" type="text" role="combobox" spellcheck="false" aria-expanded="false" aria-describedby="validation-15546759-9beb-48b2-b03a-5cc74c7d8dc6" data-target="query-builder.input" data-action="
          input:query-builder#inputChange
          blur:query-builder#inputBlur
          keydown:query-builder#inputKeydown
          focus:query-builder#inputFocus
        " data-view-component="true" class="FormControl-input QueryBuilder-Input FormControl-medium" />
          </div>
        </div>
          <span data-target="query-builder.clearButton" hidden>
            <span class="sr-only" id="query-builder-test-clear">Clear</span>
            <button role="button" id="query-builder-test-clear-button" aria-labelledby="query-builder-test-clear query-builder-test-label" data-action="
                  click:query-builder#clear
                  focus:query-builder#clearButtonFocus
                  blur:query-builder#clearButtonBlur
                " variant="small" type="button" data-view-component="true" class="Button Button--iconOnly Button--invisible Button--medium mr-1 tmp-mr-1 px-2 tmp-px-2 py-0 tmp-py-0 d-flex flex-items-center rounded-1 color-fg-muted">  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-x-circle-fill Button-visual">
    <path d="M2.343 13.657A8 8 0 1 1 13.658 2.343 8 8 0 0 1 2.343 13.657ZM6.03 4.97a.751.751 0 0 0-1.042.018.751.751 0 0 0-.018 1.042L6.94 8 4.97 9.97a.749.749 0 0 0 .326 1.275.749.749 0 0 0 .734-.215L8 9.06l1.97 1.97a.749.749 0 0 0 1.275-.326.749.749 0 0 0-.215-.734L9.06 8l1.97-1.97a.749.749 0 0 0-.326-1.275.749.749 0 0 0-.734.215L8 6.94Z"></path>
</svg>
</button>

          </span>
      </div>
      <template id="search-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-search">
    <path d="M10.68 11.74a6 6 0 0 1-7.922-8.982 6 6 0 0 1 8.982 7.922l3.04 3.04a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215ZM11.5 7a4.499 4.499 0 1 0-8.997 0A4.499 4.499 0 0 0 11.5 7Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="code-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-code">
    <path d="m11.28 3.22 4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.749.749 0 0 1-1.275-.326.749.749 0 0 1 .215-.734L13.94 8l-3.72-3.72a.749.749 0 0 1 .326-1.275.749.749 0 0 1 .734.215Zm-6.56 0a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042L2.06 8l3.72 3.72a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L.47 8.53a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="file-code-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-file-code">
    <path d="M4 1.75C4 .784 4.784 0 5.75 0h5.586c.464 0 .909.184 1.237.513l2.914 2.914c.329.328.513.773.513 1.237v8.586A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 15h-9a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h9a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V6h-2.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 10 4.25V1.5H5.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v2.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0Zm1.72 4.97a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l2 2a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-2 2a.749.749 0 0 1-1.275-.326.749.749 0 0 1 .215-.734l1.47-1.47-1.47-1.47a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06ZM3.28 7.78 1.81 9.25l1.47 1.47a.751.751 0 0 1-.018 1.042.751.751 0 0 1-1.042.018l-2-2a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06l2-2a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042Zm8.22-6.218V4.25c0 .138.112.25.25.25h2.688l-.011-.013-2.914-2.914-.013-.011Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="history-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-history">
    <path d="m.427 1.927 1.215 1.215a8.002 8.002 0 1 1-1.6 5.685.75.75 0 1 1 1.493-.154 6.5 6.5 0 1 0 1.18-4.458l1.358 1.358A.25.25 0 0 1 3.896 6H.25A.25.25 0 0 1 0 5.75V2.104a.25.25 0 0 1 .427-.177ZM7.75 4a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v2.992l2.028.812a.75.75 0 0 1-.557 1.392l-2.5-1A.751.751 0 0 1 7 8.25v-3.5A.75.75 0 0 1 7.75 4Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="repo-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-repo">
    <path d="M2 2.5A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 4.5 0h8.75a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v12.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75h-2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h1.75v-2h-8a1 1 0 0 0-.714 1.7.75.75 0 1 1-1.072 1.05A2.495 2.495 0 0 1 2 11.5Zm10.5-1h-8a1 1 0 0 0-1 1v6.708A2.486 2.486 0 0 1 4.5 9h8ZM5 12.25a.25.25 0 0 1 .25-.25h3.5a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v3.25a.25.25 0 0 1-.4.2l-1.45-1.087a.249.249 0 0 0-.3 0L5.4 15.7a.25.25 0 0 1-.4-.2Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="bookmark-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-bookmark">
    <path d="M3 2.75C3 1.784 3.784 1 4.75 1h6.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v11.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.227.579L8 11.722l-3.773 3.107A.751.751 0 0 1 3 14.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v9.91l3.023-2.489a.75.75 0 0 1 .954 0l3.023 2.49V2.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="plus-circle-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-plus-circle">
    <path d="M8 0a8 8 0 1 1 0 16A8 8 0 0 1 8 0ZM1.5 8a6.5 6.5 0 1 0 13 0 6.5 6.5 0 0 0-13 0Zm7.25-3.25v2.5h2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-2.5v2.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0v-2.5h-2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h2.5v-2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="circle-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-dot-fill">
    <path d="M8 4a4 4 0 1 1 0 8 4 4 0 0 1 0-8Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="trash-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-trash">
    <path d="M11 1.75V3h2.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5H2.75a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5H5V1.75C5 .784 5.784 0 6.75 0h2.5C10.216 0 11 .784 11 1.75ZM4.496 6.675l.66 6.6a.25.25 0 0 0 .249.225h5.19a.25.25 0 0 0 .249-.225l.66-6.6a.75.75 0 0 1 1.492.149l-.66 6.6A1.748 1.748 0 0 1 10.595 15h-5.19a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.741-1.575l-.66-6.6a.75.75 0 1 1 1.492-.15ZM6.5 1.75V3h3V1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25h-2.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="team-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-people">
    <path d="M2 5.5a3.5 3.5 0 1 1 5.898 2.549 5.508 5.508 0 0 1 3.034 4.084.75.75 0 1 1-1.482.235 4 4 0 0 0-7.9 0 .75.75 0 0 1-1.482-.236A5.507 5.507 0 0 1 3.102 8.05 3.493 3.493 0 0 1 2 5.5ZM11 4a3.001 3.001 0 0 1 2.22 5.018 5.01 5.01 0 0 1 2.56 3.012.749.749 0 0 1-.885.954.752.752 0 0 1-.549-.514 3.507 3.507 0 0 0-2.522-2.372.75.75 0 0 1-.574-.73v-.352a.75.75 0 0 1 .416-.672A1.5 1.5 0 0 0 11 5.5.75.75 0 0 1 11 4Zm-5.5-.5a2 2 0 1 0-.001 3.999A2 2 0 0 0 5.5 3.5Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="project-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-project">
    <path d="M1.75 0h12.5C15.216 0 16 .784 16 1.75v12.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 16H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25V1.75C0 .784.784 0 1.75 0ZM1.5 1.75v12.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h12.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25H1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25ZM11.75 3a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v7.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0v-7.5a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75Zm-8.25.75a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v5.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0ZM8 3a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v3.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0v-3.5A.75.75 0 0 1 8 3Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="pencil-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-pencil">
    <path d="M11.013 1.427a1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2.474 0l1.086 1.086a1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 2.474l-8.61 8.61c-.21.21-.47.364-.756.445l-3.251.93a.75.75 0 0 1-.927-.928l.929-3.25c.081-.286.235-.547.445-.758l8.61-8.61Zm.176 4.823L9.75 4.81l-6.286 6.287a.253.253 0 0 0-.064.108l-.558 1.953 1.953-.558a.253.253 0 0 0 .108-.064Zm1.238-3.763a.25.25 0 0 0-.354 0L10.811 3.75l1.439 1.44 1.263-1.263a.25.25 0 0 0 0-.354Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="copilot-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-copilot">
    <path d="M7.998 15.035c-4.562 0-7.873-2.914-7.998-3.749V9.338c.085-.628.677-1.686 1.588-2.065.013-.07.024-.143.036-.218.029-.183.06-.384.126-.612-.201-.508-.254-1.084-.254-1.656 0-.87.128-1.769.693-2.484.579-.733 1.494-1.124 2.724-1.261 1.206-.134 2.262.034 2.944.765.05.053.096.108.139.165.044-.057.094-.112.143-.165.682-.731 1.738-.899 2.944-.765 1.23.137 2.145.528 2.724 1.261.566.715.693 1.614.693 2.484 0 .572-.053 1.148-.254 1.656.066.228.098.429.126.612.012.076.024.148.037.218.924.385 1.522 1.471 1.591 2.095v1.872c0 .766-3.351 3.795-8.002 3.795Zm0-1.485c2.28 0 4.584-1.11 5.002-1.433V7.862l-.023-.116c-.49.21-1.075.291-1.727.291-1.146 0-2.059-.327-2.71-.991A3.222 3.222 0 0 1 8 6.303a3.24 3.24 0 0 1-.544.743c-.65.664-1.563.991-2.71.991-.652 0-1.236-.081-1.727-.291l-.023.116v4.255c.419.323 2.722 1.433 5.002 1.433ZM6.762 2.83c-.193-.206-.637-.413-1.682-.297-1.019.113-1.479.404-1.713.7-.247.312-.369.789-.369 1.554 0 .793.129 1.171.308 1.371.162.181.519.379 1.442.379.853 0 1.339-.235 1.638-.54.315-.322.527-.827.617-1.553.117-.935-.037-1.395-.241-1.614Zm4.155-.297c-1.044-.116-1.488.091-1.681.297-.204.219-.359.679-.242 1.614.091.726.303 1.231.618 1.553.299.305.784.54 1.638.54.922 0 1.28-.198 1.442-.379.179-.2.308-.578.308-1.371 0-.765-.123-1.242-.37-1.554-.233-.296-.693-.587-1.713-.7Z"></path><path d="M6.25 9.037a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v1.501a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0V9.787a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75Zm4.25.75v1.501a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0V9.787a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="copilot-error-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-copilot-error">
    <path d="M16 11.24c0 .112-.072.274-.21.467L13 9.688V7.862l-.023-.116c-.49.21-1.075.291-1.727.291-.198 0-.388-.009-.571-.029L6.833 5.226a4.01 4.01 0 0 0 .17-.782c.117-.935-.037-1.395-.241-1.614-.193-.206-.637-.413-1.682-.297-.683.076-1.115.231-1.395.415l-1.257-.91c.579-.564 1.413-.877 2.485-.996 1.206-.134 2.262.034 2.944.765.05.053.096.108.139.165.044-.057.094-.112.143-.165.682-.731 1.738-.899 2.944-.765 1.23.137 2.145.528 2.724 1.261.566.715.693 1.614.693 2.484 0 .572-.053 1.148-.254 1.656.066.228.098.429.126.612.012.076.024.148.037.218.924.385 1.522 1.471 1.591 2.095Zm-5.083-8.707c-1.044-.116-1.488.091-1.681.297-.204.219-.359.679-.242 1.614.091.726.303 1.231.618 1.553.299.305.784.54 1.638.54.922 0 1.28-.198 1.442-.379.179-.2.308-.578.308-1.371 0-.765-.123-1.242-.37-1.554-.233-.296-.693-.587-1.713-.7Zm2.511 11.074c-1.393.776-3.272 1.428-5.43 1.428-4.562 0-7.873-2.914-7.998-3.749V9.338c.085-.628.677-1.686 1.588-2.065.013-.07.024-.143.036-.218.029-.183.06-.384.126-.612-.18-.455-.241-.963-.252-1.475L.31 4.107A.747.747 0 0 1 0 3.509V3.49a.748.748 0 0 1 .625-.73c.156-.026.306.047.435.139l14.667 10.578a.592.592 0 0 1 .227.264.752.752 0 0 1 .046.249v.022a.75.75 0 0 1-1.19.596Zm-1.367-.991L5.635 7.964a5.128 5.128 0 0 1-.889.073c-.652 0-1.236-.081-1.727-.291l-.023.116v4.255c.419.323 2.722 1.433 5.002 1.433 1.539 0 3.089-.505 4.063-.934Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="workflow-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-workflow">
    <path d="M0 1.75C0 .784.784 0 1.75 0h3.5C6.216 0 7 .784 7 1.75v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 5.25 7H4v4a1 1 0 0 0 1 1h4v-1.25C9 9.784 9.784 9 10.75 9h3.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 16h-3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 9 14.25v-.75H5A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 2.5 11V7h-.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 5.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v3.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h3.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Zm9 9a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v3.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h3.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="book-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-book">
    <path d="M0 1.75A.75.75 0 0 1 .75 1h4.253c1.227 0 2.317.59 3 1.501A3.743 3.743 0 0 1 11.006 1h4.245a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v10.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75h-4.507a2.25 2.25 0 0 0-1.591.659l-.622.621a.75.75 0 0 1-1.06 0l-.622-.621A2.25 2.25 0 0 0 5.258 13H.75a.75.75 0 0 1-.75-.75Zm7.251 10.324.004-5.073-.002-2.253A2.25 2.25 0 0 0 5.003 2.5H1.5v9h3.757a3.75 3.75 0 0 1 1.994.574ZM8.755 4.75l-.004 7.322a3.752 3.752 0 0 1 1.992-.572H14.5v-9h-3.495a2.25 2.25 0 0 0-2.25 2.25Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="code-review-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-code-review">
    <path d="M1.75 1h12.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 13H8.061l-2.574 2.573A1.458 1.458 0 0 1 3 14.543V13H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 11.25v-8.5C0 1.784.784 1 1.75 1ZM1.5 2.75v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h2a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v2.19l2.72-2.72a.749.749 0 0 1 .53-.22h6.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-8.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25H1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25Zm5.28 1.72a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06L5.31 7l1.47 1.47a.751.751 0 0 1-.018 1.042.751.751 0 0 1-1.042.018l-2-2a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06l2-2a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0Zm2.44 0a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l2 2a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-2 2a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L10.69 7 9.22 5.53a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="codespaces-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-codespaces">
    <path d="M0 11.25c0-.966.784-1.75 1.75-1.75h12.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v3A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 16H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25Zm2-9.5C2 .784 2.784 0 3.75 0h8.5C13.216 0 14 .784 14 1.75v5a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.75 1.75h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 6.75Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Zm-2 9.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v3c0 .138.112.25.25.25h12.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path><path d="M7 12.75a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75h4.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-4.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.75-.75Zm-4 0a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.75-.75Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="comment-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-comment">
    <path d="M1 2.75C1 1.784 1.784 1 2.75 1h10.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 13.25 12H9.06l-2.573 2.573A1.458 1.458 0 0 1 4 13.543V12H2.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 1 10.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h2a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v2.19l2.72-2.72a.749.749 0 0 1 .53-.22h4.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-7.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="comment-discussion-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-comment-discussion">
    <path d="M1.75 1h8.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v5.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 10.25 10H7.061l-2.574 2.573A1.458 1.458 0 0 1 2 11.543V10h-.25A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 8.25v-5.5C0 1.784.784 1 1.75 1ZM1.5 2.75v5.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h1a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v2.19l2.72-2.72a.749.749 0 0 1 .53-.22h3.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-5.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25h-8.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25Zm13 2a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25h-.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v5.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 12H14v1.543a1.458 1.458 0 0 1-2.487 1.03L9.22 12.28a.749.749 0 0 1 .326-1.275.749.749 0 0 1 .734.215l2.22 2.22v-2.19a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75h1a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="organization-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-organization">
    <path d="M1.75 16A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25V1.75C0 .784.784 0 1.75 0h8.5C11.216 0 12 .784 12 1.75v12.5c0 .085-.006.168-.018.25h2.268a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V8.285a.25.25 0 0 0-.111-.208l-1.055-.703a.749.749 0 1 1 .832-1.248l1.055.703c.487.325.779.871.779 1.456v5.965A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 16h-3.5a.766.766 0 0 1-.197-.026c-.099.017-.2.026-.303.026h-3a.75.75 0 0 1-.75-.75V14h-1v1.25a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75Zm-.25-1.75c0 .138.112.25.25.25H4v-1.25a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75h2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v1.25h2.25a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25h-8.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25ZM3.75 6h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5ZM3 3.75A.75.75 0 0 1 3.75 3h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5A.75.75 0 0 1 3 3.75Zm4 3A.75.75 0 0 1 7.75 6h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5A.75.75 0 0 1 7 6.75ZM7.75 3h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5ZM3 9.75A.75.75 0 0 1 3.75 9h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5A.75.75 0 0 1 3 9.75ZM7.75 9h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="rocket-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-rocket">
    <path d="M14.064 0h.186C15.216 0 16 .784 16 1.75v.186a8.752 8.752 0 0 1-2.564 6.186l-.458.459c-.314.314-.641.616-.979.904v3.207c0 .608-.315 1.172-.833 1.49l-2.774 1.707a.749.749 0 0 1-1.11-.418l-.954-3.102a1.214 1.214 0 0 1-.145-.125L3.754 9.816a1.218 1.218 0 0 1-.124-.145L.528 8.717a.749.749 0 0 1-.418-1.11l1.71-2.774A1.748 1.748 0 0 1 3.31 4h3.204c.288-.338.59-.665.904-.979l.459-.458A8.749 8.749 0 0 1 14.064 0ZM8.938 3.623h-.002l-.458.458c-.76.76-1.437 1.598-2.02 2.5l-1.5 2.317 2.143 2.143 2.317-1.5c.902-.583 1.74-1.26 2.499-2.02l.459-.458a7.25 7.25 0 0 0 2.123-5.127V1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25h-.186a7.249 7.249 0 0 0-5.125 2.123ZM3.56 14.56c-.732.732-2.334 1.045-3.005 1.148a.234.234 0 0 1-.201-.064.234.234 0 0 1-.064-.201c.103-.671.416-2.273 1.15-3.003a1.502 1.502 0 1 1 2.12 2.12Zm6.94-3.935c-.088.06-.177.118-.266.175l-2.35 1.521.548 1.783 1.949-1.2a.25.25 0 0 0 .119-.213ZM3.678 8.116 5.2 5.766c.058-.09.117-.178.176-.266H3.309a.25.25 0 0 0-.213.119l-1.2 1.95ZM12 5a1 1 0 1 1-2 0 1 1 0 0 1 2 0Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="shield-check-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-shield-check">
    <path d="m8.533.133 5.25 1.68A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 15 3.48V7c0 1.566-.32 3.182-1.303 4.682-.983 1.498-2.585 2.813-5.032 3.855a1.697 1.697 0 0 1-1.33 0c-2.447-1.042-4.049-2.357-5.032-3.855C1.32 10.182 1 8.566 1 7V3.48a1.75 1.75 0 0 1 1.217-1.667l5.25-1.68a1.748 1.748 0 0 1 1.066 0Zm-.61 1.429.001.001-5.25 1.68a.251.251 0 0 0-.174.237V7c0 1.36.275 2.666 1.057 3.859.784 1.194 2.121 2.342 4.366 3.298a.196.196 0 0 0 .154 0c2.245-.957 3.582-2.103 4.366-3.297C13.225 9.666 13.5 8.358 13.5 7V3.48a.25.25 0 0 0-.174-.238l-5.25-1.68a.25.25 0 0 0-.153 0ZM11.28 6.28l-3.5 3.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.06 0l-1.5-1.5a.749.749 0 0 1 .326-1.275.749.749 0 0 1 .734.215l.97.97 2.97-2.97a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="heart-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-heart">
    <path d="m8 14.25.345.666a.75.75 0 0 1-.69 0l-.008-.004-.018-.01a7.152 7.152 0 0 1-.31-.17 22.055 22.055 0 0 1-3.434-2.414C2.045 10.731 0 8.35 0 5.5 0 2.836 2.086 1 4.25 1 5.797 1 7.153 1.802 8 3.02 8.847 1.802 10.203 1 11.75 1 13.914 1 16 2.836 16 5.5c0 2.85-2.045 5.231-3.885 6.818a22.066 22.066 0 0 1-3.744 2.584l-.018.01-.006.003h-.002ZM4.25 2.5c-1.336 0-2.75 1.164-2.75 3 0 2.15 1.58 4.144 3.365 5.682A20.58 20.58 0 0 0 8 13.393a20.58 20.58 0 0 0 3.135-2.211C12.92 9.644 14.5 7.65 14.5 5.5c0-1.836-1.414-3-2.75-3-1.373 0-2.609.986-3.029 2.456a.749.749 0 0 1-1.442 0C6.859 3.486 5.623 2.5 4.25 2.5Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="server-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-server">
    <path d="M1.75 1h12.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v4c0 .372-.116.717-.314 1 .198.283.314.628.314 1v4a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.75 1.75H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 12.75v-4c0-.358.109-.707.314-1a1.739 1.739 0 0 1-.314-1v-4C0 1.784.784 1 1.75 1ZM1.5 2.75v4c0 .138.112.25.25.25h12.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-4a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25H1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25Zm.25 5.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v4c0 .138.112.25.25.25h12.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-4a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25ZM7 4.75A.75.75 0 0 1 7.75 4h4.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-4.5A.75.75 0 0 1 7 4.75ZM7.75 10h4.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-4.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5ZM3 4.75A.75.75 0 0 1 3.75 4h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5A.75.75 0 0 1 3 4.75ZM3.75 10h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="globe-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-globe">
    <path d="M8 0a8 8 0 1 1 0 16A8 8 0 0 1 8 0ZM5.78 8.75a9.64 9.64 0 0 0 1.363 4.177c.255.426.542.832.857 1.215.245-.296.551-.705.857-1.215A9.64 9.64 0 0 0 10.22 8.75Zm4.44-1.5a9.64 9.64 0 0 0-1.363-4.177c-.307-.51-.612-.919-.857-1.215a9.927 9.927 0 0 0-.857 1.215A9.64 9.64 0 0 0 5.78 7.25Zm-5.944 1.5H1.543a6.507 6.507 0 0 0 4.666 5.5c-.123-.181-.24-.365-.352-.552-.715-1.192-1.437-2.874-1.581-4.948Zm-2.733-1.5h2.733c.144-2.074.866-3.756 1.58-4.948.12-.197.237-.381.353-.552a6.507 6.507 0 0 0-4.666 5.5Zm10.181 1.5c-.144 2.074-.866 3.756-1.58 4.948-.12.197-.237.381-.353.552a6.507 6.507 0 0 0 4.666-5.5Zm2.733-1.5a6.507 6.507 0 0 0-4.666-5.5c.123.181.24.365.353.552.714 1.192 1.436 2.874 1.58 4.948Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="issue-opened-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-issue-opened">
    <path d="M8 9.5a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Z"></path><path d="M8 0a8 8 0 1 1 0 16A8 8 0 0 1 8 0ZM1.5 8a6.5 6.5 0 1 0 13 0 6.5 6.5 0 0 0-13 0Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="device-mobile-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-device-mobile">
    <path d="M3.75 0h8.5C13.216 0 14 .784 14 1.75v12.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 16h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 14.25V1.75C2 .784 2.784 0 3.75 0ZM3.5 1.75v12.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25h-8.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25ZM8 13a1 1 0 1 1 0-2 1 1 0 0 1 0 2Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="package-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-package">
    <path d="m8.878.392 5.25 3.045c.54.314.872.89.872 1.514v6.098a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-.872 1.514l-5.25 3.045a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.756 0l-5.25-3.045A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 1 11.049V4.951c0-.624.332-1.201.872-1.514L7.122.392a1.75 1.75 0 0 1 1.756 0ZM7.875 1.69l-4.63 2.685L8 7.133l4.755-2.758-4.63-2.685a.248.248 0 0 0-.25 0ZM2.5 5.677v5.372c0 .09.047.171.125.216l4.625 2.683V8.432Zm6.25 8.271 4.625-2.683a.25.25 0 0 0 .125-.216V5.677L8.75 8.432Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="credit-card-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-credit-card">
    <path d="M10.75 9a.75.75 0 0 0 0 1.5h1.5a.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5h-1.5Z"></path><path d="M0 3.75C0 2.784.784 2 1.75 2h12.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 14H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 12.25ZM14.5 6.5h-13v5.75c0 .138.112.25.25.25h12.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25Zm0-2.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25H1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25V5h13Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="play-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-play">
    <path d="M8 0a8 8 0 1 1 0 16A8 8 0 0 1 8 0ZM1.5 8a6.5 6.5 0 1 0 13 0 6.5 6.5 0 0 0-13 0Zm4.879-2.773 4.264 2.559a.25.25 0 0 1 0 .428l-4.264 2.559A.25.25 0 0 1 6 10.559V5.442a.25.25 0 0 1 .379-.215Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="gift-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-gift">
    <path d="M2 2.75A2.75 2.75 0 0 1 4.75 0c.983 0 1.873.42 2.57 1.232.268.318.497.668.68 1.042.183-.375.411-.725.68-1.044C9.376.42 10.266 0 11.25 0a2.75 2.75 0 0 1 2.45 4h.55c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v2c0 .698-.409 1.301-1 1.582v4.918A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 13.25 16H2.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 1 14.25V9.332C.409 9.05 0 8.448 0 7.75v-2C0 4.784.784 4 1.75 4h.55c-.192-.375-.3-.8-.3-1.25ZM7.25 9.5H2.5v4.75c0 .138.112.25.25.25h4.5Zm1.5 0v5h4.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V9.5Zm0-4V8h5.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-2a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Zm-7 0a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v2c0 .138.112.25.25.25h5.5V5.5h-5.5Zm3-4a1.25 1.25 0 0 0 0 2.5h2.309c-.233-.818-.542-1.401-.878-1.793-.43-.502-.915-.707-1.431-.707ZM8.941 4h2.309a1.25 1.25 0 0 0 0-2.5c-.516 0-1 .205-1.43.707-.337.392-.646.975-.879 1.793Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="code-square-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-code-square">
    <path d="M0 1.75C0 .784.784 0 1.75 0h12.5C15.216 0 16 .784 16 1.75v12.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 16H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v12.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h12.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Zm7.47 3.97a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l2 2a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-2 2a.749.749 0 0 1-1.275-.326.749.749 0 0 1 .215-.734L10.69 8 9.22 6.53a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06ZM6.78 6.53 5.31 8l1.47 1.47a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215l-2-2a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06l2-2a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="device-desktop-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-device-desktop">
    <path d="M14.25 1c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 12h-3.727c.099 1.041.52 1.872 1.292 2.757A.752.752 0 0 1 11.25 16h-6.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.565-1.243c.772-.885 1.192-1.716 1.292-2.757H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 10.25v-7.5C0 1.784.784 1 1.75 1ZM1.75 2.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h12.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-7.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25ZM9.018 12H6.982a5.72 5.72 0 0 1-.765 2.5h3.566a5.72 5.72 0 0 1-.765-2.5Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

        <div class="position-relative">
                        <ul
              role="listbox"
              class="ActionListWrap QueryBuilder-ListWrap"
              aria-label="Suggestions"
              data-action="
                combobox-commit:query-builder#comboboxCommit
                mousedown:query-builder#resultsMousedown
              "
              data-target="query-builder.resultsList"
              data-persist-list=false
              id="query-builder-test-results"
              tabindex="-1"
            ></ul>

        </div>
      <div class="FormControl-inlineValidation" id="validation-15546759-9beb-48b2-b03a-5cc74c7d8dc6" hidden="hidden">
        <span class="FormControl-inlineValidation--visual">
          <svg aria-hidden="true" height="12" viewBox="0 0 12 12" version="1.1" width="12" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-alert-fill">
    <path d="M4.855.708c.5-.896 1.79-.896 2.29 0l4.675 8.351a1.312 1.312 0 0 1-1.146 1.954H1.33A1.313 1.313 0 0 1 .183 9.058ZM7 7V3H5v4Zm-1 3a1 1 0 1 0 0-2 1 1 0 0 0 0 2Z"></path>
</svg>
        </span>
        <span></span>
</div>    </div>
    <div data-target="query-builder.screenReaderFeedback" aria-live="polite" aria-atomic="true" class="sr-only"></div>
</query-builder></form>
          <div class="d-flex flex-row color-fg-muted tmp-px-3 text-small color-bg-default search-feedback-prompt">
            <a target="_blank" href="https://docs.github.com/search-github/github-code-search/understanding-github-code-search-syntax" data-view-component="true" class="Link color-fg-accent text-normal ml-2 tmp-ml-2">Search syntax tips</a>            <div class="d-flex flex-1"></div>
          </div>
        </div>
</div>

    </div>
</modal-dialog></div>
  </div>
  <div data-action="click:qbsearch-input#retract" class="dark-backdrop position-fixed" hidden data-target="qbsearch-input.darkBackdrop"></div>
  <div class="color-fg-default">
    
<dialog-helper>
  <dialog data-target="qbsearch-input.feedbackDialog" data-action="close:qbsearch-input#handleDialogClose cancel:qbsearch-input#handleDialogClose" id="feedback-dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="feedback-dialog-title" aria-describedby="feedback-dialog-description" data-view-component="true" class="Overlay Overlay-whenNarrow Overlay--size-medium Overlay--motion-scaleFade Overlay--disableScroll">
    <div data-view-component="true" class="Overlay-header">
  <div class="Overlay-headerContentWrap">
    <div class="Overlay-titleWrap">
      <h1 class="Overlay-title " id="feedback-dialog-title">
        Provide feedback
      </h1>
        
    </div>
    <div class="Overlay-actionWrap">
      <button data-close-dialog-id="feedback-dialog" aria-label="Close" aria-label="Close" type="button" data-view-component="true" class="close-button Overlay-closeButton"><svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-x">
    <path d="M3.72 3.72a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0L8 6.94l3.22-3.22a.749.749 0 0 1 1.275.326.749.749 0 0 1-.215.734L9.06 8l3.22 3.22a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L8 9.06l-3.22 3.22a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L6.94 8 3.72 4.78a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg></button>
    </div>
  </div>
  
</div>
      <scrollable-region data-labelled-by="feedback-dialog-title">
        <div data-view-component="true" class="Overlay-body">        <!-- '"` --><!-- </textarea></xmp> --></option></form><form id="code-search-feedback-form" data-turbo="false" action="/search/feedback" accept-charset="UTF-8" method="post"><input type="hidden" data-csrf="true" name="authenticity_token" value="PQVqNeBpiqOIBtK09Jq7B0p1OvgrQwtPIqEKXLC4h6sNrmEiI/BzYSlucbsNOQNGhTlxziN9jQJYNkN6ZEEc9A==" />
          <p>We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously.</p>
          <textarea name="feedback" class="form-control width-full mb-2" style="height: 120px" id="feedback"></textarea>
          <input name="include_email" id="include_email" aria-label="Include my email address so I can be contacted" class="form-control mr-2" type="checkbox">
          <label for="include_email" style="font-weight: normal">Include my email address so I can be contacted</label>
</form></div>
      </scrollable-region>
      <div data-view-component="true" class="Overlay-footer Overlay-footer--alignEnd">          <button data-close-dialog-id="feedback-dialog" type="button" data-view-component="true" class="btn">    Cancel
</button>
          <button form="code-search-feedback-form" data-action="click:qbsearch-input#submitFeedback" type="submit" data-view-component="true" class="btn-primary btn">    Submit feedback
</button>
</div>
</dialog></dialog-helper>

    <custom-scopes data-target="qbsearch-input.customScopesManager">
    
<dialog-helper>
  <dialog data-target="custom-scopes.customScopesModalDialog" data-action="close:qbsearch-input#handleDialogClose cancel:qbsearch-input#handleDialogClose" id="custom-scopes-dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="custom-scopes-dialog-title" aria-describedby="custom-scopes-dialog-description" data-view-component="true" class="Overlay Overlay-whenNarrow Overlay--size-medium Overlay--motion-scaleFade Overlay--disableScroll">
    <div data-view-component="true" class="Overlay-header Overlay-header--divided">
  <div class="Overlay-headerContentWrap">
    <div class="Overlay-titleWrap">
      <h1 class="Overlay-title " id="custom-scopes-dialog-title">
        Saved searches
      </h1>
        <h2 id="custom-scopes-dialog-description" class="Overlay-description">Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly</h2>
    </div>
    <div class="Overlay-actionWrap">
      <button data-close-dialog-id="custom-scopes-dialog" aria-label="Close" aria-label="Close" type="button" data-view-component="true" class="close-button Overlay-closeButton"><svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-x">
    <path d="M3.72 3.72a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0L8 6.94l3.22-3.22a.749.749 0 0 1 1.275.326.749.749 0 0 1-.215.734L9.06 8l3.22 3.22a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L8 9.06l-3.22 3.22a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L6.94 8 3.72 4.78a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg></button>
    </div>
  </div>
  
</div>
      <scrollable-region data-labelled-by="custom-scopes-dialog-title">
        <div data-view-component="true" class="Overlay-body">        <div data-target="custom-scopes.customScopesModalDialogFlash"></div>

        <div hidden class="create-custom-scope-form" data-target="custom-scopes.createCustomScopeForm">
        <!-- '"` --><!-- </textarea></xmp> --></option></form><form id="custom-scopes-dialog-form" data-turbo="false" action="/search/custom_scopes" accept-charset="UTF-8" method="post"><input type="hidden" data-csrf="true" name="authenticity_token" value="BywusJAgkMh3vRkCxMvtCmq0Igd4Hv1nkfViNoWzNNKkVAT5G/wYV7mBt42gSdQar99fL44bkZWAtDu7o2Bh3w==" />
          <div data-target="custom-scopes.customScopesModalDialogFlash"></div>

          <input type="hidden" id="custom_scope_id" name="custom_scope_id" data-target="custom-scopes.customScopesIdField">

          <div class="form-group">
            <label for="custom_scope_name">Name</label>
            <auto-check src="/search/custom_scopes/check_name" required>
              <input
                type="text"
                name="custom_scope_name"
                id="custom_scope_name"
                data-target="custom-scopes.customScopesNameField"
                class="form-control"
                autocomplete="off"
                placeholder="github-ruby"
                required
                maxlength="50">
              <input type="hidden" data-csrf="true" value="RH9dAJKzIl2D65FQISlY+ueq8/Sb8STgsW5OKrXk/57l3VCeIJvPibZM99GEGJGLVqrQayZQrFJveekChFeBxQ==" />
            </auto-check>
          </div>

          <div class="form-group">
            <label for="custom_scope_query">Query</label>
            <input
              type="text"
              name="custom_scope_query"
              id="custom_scope_query"
              data-target="custom-scopes.customScopesQueryField"
              class="form-control"
              autocomplete="off"
              placeholder="(repo:mona/a OR repo:mona/b) AND lang:python"
              required
              maxlength="500">
          </div>

          <p class="text-small color-fg-muted">
            To see all available qualifiers, see our <a class="Link--inTextBlock" href="https://docs.github.com/search-github/github-code-search/understanding-github-code-search-syntax">documentation</a>.
          </p>
</form>        </div>

        <div data-target="custom-scopes.manageCustomScopesForm">
          <div data-target="custom-scopes.list"></div>
        </div>

</div>
      </scrollable-region>
      <div data-view-component="true" class="Overlay-footer Overlay-footer--alignEnd Overlay-footer--divided">          <button data-action="click:custom-scopes#customScopesCancel" type="button" data-view-component="true" class="btn">    Cancel
</button>
          <button form="custom-scopes-dialog-form" data-action="click:custom-scopes#customScopesSubmit" data-target="custom-scopes.customScopesSubmitButton" type="submit" data-view-component="true" class="btn-primary btn">    Create saved search
</button>
</div>
</dialog></dialog-helper>
    </custom-scopes>
  </div>
</qbsearch-input>


            <div class="position-relative HeaderMenu-link-wrap d-lg-inline-block">
              <a
                href="/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fpimutils%2Fkhal%2Fblob%2Fe80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419%2Fdoc%2Fsource%2Flicense.rst"
                class="HeaderMenu-link HeaderMenu-link--sign-in HeaderMenu-button flex-shrink-0 no-underline d-none d-lg-inline-flex border border-lg-0 rounded px-2 py-1"
                style="margin-left: 12px;"
                data-hydro-click="{&quot;event_type&quot;:&quot;authentication.click&quot;,&quot;payload&quot;:{&quot;location_in_page&quot;:&quot;site header menu&quot;,&quot;repository_id&quot;:null,&quot;auth_type&quot;:&quot;SIGN_UP&quot;,&quot;originating_url&quot;:&quot;https://github.com/pimutils/khal/blob/e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419/doc/source/license.rst&quot;,&quot;user_id&quot;:null}}" data-hydro-click-hmac="9912d372fc3ba01a71c6985ada0e29ed4a2446dcaeed5331ea23cd1d44dde965"
                data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Marketing nav&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;click to go to homepage&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;ref_page:Marketing;ref_cta:Sign in;ref_loc:Header&quot;}"
              >
                Sign in
              </a>
            </div>

              <a href="/signup?ref_cta=Sign+up&amp;ref_loc=header+logged+out&amp;ref_page=%2F%3Cuser-name%3E%2F%3Crepo-name%3E%2Fblob%2Fshow&amp;source=header-repo&amp;source_repo=pimutils%2Fkhal"
                class="HeaderMenu-link HeaderMenu-link--sign-up HeaderMenu-button flex-shrink-0 d-flex d-lg-inline-flex no-underline border color-border-default rounded px-2 py-1"
                data-hydro-click="{&quot;event_type&quot;:&quot;authentication.click&quot;,&quot;payload&quot;:{&quot;location_in_page&quot;:&quot;site header menu&quot;,&quot;repository_id&quot;:null,&quot;auth_type&quot;:&quot;SIGN_UP&quot;,&quot;originating_url&quot;:&quot;https://github.com/pimutils/khal/blob/e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419/doc/source/license.rst&quot;,&quot;user_id&quot;:null}}" data-hydro-click-hmac="9912d372fc3ba01a71c6985ada0e29ed4a2446dcaeed5331ea23cd1d44dde965"
                data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Sign up&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;click to sign up for account&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;ref_page:/&lt;user-name&gt;/&lt;repo-name&gt;/blob/show;ref_cta:Sign up;ref_loc:header logged out&quot;}"
              >
                Sign up
              </a>

                <div class="AppHeader-appearanceSettings">
    <react-partial-anchor>
      <button data-target="react-partial-anchor.anchor" id="icon-button-0a60eef6-f150-461f-a950-e8806caa7e0e" aria-labelledby="tooltip-0a70ba32-9910-4018-b0d2-100694e7a146" type="button" disabled="disabled" data-view-component="true" class="Button Button--iconOnly Button--invisible Button--medium AppHeader-button HeaderMenu-link border cursor-wait">  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-sliders Button-visual">
    <path d="M15 2.75a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75h-4a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h4a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75Zm-8.5.75v1.25a.75.75 0 0 0 1.5 0v-4a.75.75 0 0 0-1.5 0V2H1.75a.75.75 0 0 0 0 1.5H6.5Zm1.25 5.25a.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5h-6a.75.75 0 0 0 0 1.5h6ZM15 8a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75H11.5V10a.75.75 0 1 1-1.5 0V6a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v1.25h2.75A.75.75 0 0 1 15 8Zm-9 5.25v-2a.75.75 0 0 0-1.5 0v1.25H1.75a.75.75 0 0 0 0 1.5H4.5v1.25a.75.75 0 0 0 1.5 0v-2Zm9 0a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75h-6a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h6a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75Z"></path>
</svg>
</button><tool-tip id="tooltip-0a70ba32-9910-4018-b0d2-100694e7a146" for="icon-button-0a60eef6-f150-461f-a950-e8806caa7e0e" popover="manual" data-direction="s" data-type="label" data-view-component="true" class="sr-only position-absolute">Appearance settings</tool-tip>

      <template data-target="react-partial-anchor.template">
        <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-react-css.00ba154d21e54e53.module.css" />
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/appearance-settings.202aedbb190e067b.module.css" />

<react-partial
  partial-name="appearance-settings"
  data-ssr="false"
  data-attempted-ssr="false"
  data-react-profiling="false"
>
  
  <script type="application/json" data-target="react-partial.embeddedData">{"props":{}}</script>
  <div data-target="react-partial.reactRoot"></div>
</react-partial>


      </template>
    </react-partial-anchor>
  </div>

          <button type="button" class="sr-only js-header-menu-focus-trap d-block d-lg-none">Resetting focus</button>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</header>

      <div hidden="hidden" data-view-component="true" class="js-stale-session-flash stale-session-flash flash flash-warn flash-full">
  
        <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-alert">
    <path d="M6.457 1.047c.659-1.234 2.427-1.234 3.086 0l6.082 11.378A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.082 15H1.918a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.543-2.575Zm1.763.707a.25.25 0 0 0-.44 0L1.698 13.132a.25.25 0 0 0 .22.368h12.164a.25.25 0 0 0 .22-.368Zm.53 3.996v2.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0v-2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0ZM9 11a1 1 0 1 1-2 0 1 1 0 0 1 2 0Z"></path>
</svg>
        <span class="js-stale-session-flash-signed-in" hidden>You signed in with another tab or window. <a class="Link--inTextBlock" href="">Reload</a> to refresh your session.</span>
        <span class="js-stale-session-flash-signed-out" hidden>You signed out in another tab or window. <a class="Link--inTextBlock" href="">Reload</a> to refresh your session.</span>
        <span class="js-stale-session-flash-switched" hidden>You switched accounts on another tab or window. <a class="Link--inTextBlock" href="">Reload</a> to refresh your session.</span>

    <button id="icon-button-7e4709e6-bfb9-441d-a2fe-f4c55a24078f" aria-labelledby="tooltip-ad9a61c1-f58d-4d0d-b108-1f1faa202f8e" type="button" data-view-component="true" class="Button Button--iconOnly Button--invisible Button--medium flash-close js-flash-close">  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-x Button-visual">
    <path d="M3.72 3.72a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0L8 6.94l3.22-3.22a.749.749 0 0 1 1.275.326.749.749 0 0 1-.215.734L9.06 8l3.22 3.22a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L8 9.06l-3.22 3.22a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L6.94 8 3.72 4.78a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg>
</button><tool-tip id="tooltip-ad9a61c1-f58d-4d0d-b108-1f1faa202f8e" for="icon-button-7e4709e6-bfb9-441d-a2fe-f4c55a24078f" popover="manual" data-direction="s" data-type="label" data-view-component="true" class="sr-only position-absolute">Dismiss alert</tool-tip>


  
</div>
    </div>

  <div id="start-of-content" class="show-on-focus"></div>








    <div id="js-flash-container" class="flash-container" data-turbo-replace>




  <template class="js-flash-template">
    
<div class="flash flash-full   {{ className }}">
  <div >
    <button autofocus class="flash-close js-flash-close" type="button" aria-label="Dismiss this message">
      <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-x">
    <path d="M3.72 3.72a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0L8 6.94l3.22-3.22a.749.749 0 0 1 1.275.326.749.749 0 0 1-.215.734L9.06 8l3.22 3.22a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L8 9.06l-3.22 3.22a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L6.94 8 3.72 4.78a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg>
    </button>
    <div aria-atomic="true" role="alert" class="js-flash-alert">
      
      <div>{{ message }}</div>

    </div>
  </div>
</div>
  </template>
</div>


    






  <div
    class="application-main "
    data-commit-hovercards-enabled
    data-discussion-hovercards-enabled
    data-issue-and-pr-hovercards-enabled
    data-project-hovercards-enabled
  >
        <div itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/SoftwareSourceCode" class="">
    <main id="js-repo-pjax-container" >
      
      
    

    






  

  <div id="repository-container-header"  class="tmp-pt-3 hide-full-screen" style="background-color: var(--page-header-bgColor, var(--color-page-header-bg));" data-turbo-replace>

      <div class="d-flex flex-nowrap flex-justify-end tmp-mb-3  tmp-px-3 tmp-px-lg-5" style="gap: 1rem;">

        <div class="flex-auto min-width-0 width-fit">
            
  <div class=" d-flex flex-wrap flex-items-center wb-break-word f3 text-normal">
      <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-repo color-fg-muted mr-2 tmp-mr-2">
    <path d="M2 2.5A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 4.5 0h8.75a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v12.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75h-2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h1.75v-2h-8a1 1 0 0 0-.714 1.7.75.75 0 1 1-1.072 1.05A2.495 2.495 0 0 1 2 11.5Zm10.5-1h-8a1 1 0 0 0-1 1v6.708A2.486 2.486 0 0 1 4.5 9h8ZM5 12.25a.25.25 0 0 1 .25-.25h3.5a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v3.25a.25.25 0 0 1-.4.2l-1.45-1.087a.249.249 0 0 0-.3 0L5.4 15.7a.25.25 0 0 1-.4-.2Z"></path>
</svg>
    
    <span class="author flex-self-stretch" itemprop="author">
      <a class="url fn" rel="author" data-hovercard-type="organization" data-hovercard-url="/orgs/pimutils/hovercard" data-octo-click="hovercard-link-click" data-octo-dimensions="link_type:self" href="/pimutils">
        pimutils
</a>    </span>
    <span class="mx-1 flex-self-stretch color-fg-muted">/</span>
    <strong itemprop="name" class="mr-2 flex-self-stretch">
      <a data-pjax="#repo-content-pjax-container" data-turbo-frame="repo-content-turbo-frame" href="/pimutils/khal">khal</a>
    </strong>

    <span></span><span class="Label Label--secondary v-align-middle mr-1">Public</span>
  </div>


        </div>

        <div id="repository-details-container" class="flex-shrink-0" data-turbo-replace style="max-width: 70%;">
            <ul class="pagehead-actions flex-shrink-0 d-none d-md-inline" style="padding: 2px 0;">
    
      

  <li>
            <a href="/login?return_to=%2Fpimutils%2Fkhal" rel="nofollow" id="repository-details-watch-button" data-hydro-click="{&quot;event_type&quot;:&quot;authentication.click&quot;,&quot;payload&quot;:{&quot;location_in_page&quot;:&quot;notification subscription menu watch&quot;,&quot;repository_id&quot;:null,&quot;auth_type&quot;:&quot;LOG_IN&quot;,&quot;originating_url&quot;:&quot;https://github.com/pimutils/khal/blob/e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419/doc/source/license.rst&quot;,&quot;user_id&quot;:null}}" data-hydro-click-hmac="764fc4a93f980b9798c3ce88254b090d9c7517f9ec877d1cd5e2c8e49d7a5b7b" aria-label="You must be signed in to change notification settings" data-view-component="true" class="btn-sm btn">    <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-bell mr-2 tmp-mr-2">
    <path d="M8 16a2 2 0 0 0 1.985-1.75c.017-.137-.097-.25-.235-.25h-3.5c-.138 0-.252.113-.235.25A2 2 0 0 0 8 16ZM3 5a5 5 0 0 1 10 0v2.947c0 .05.015.098.042.139l1.703 2.555A1.519 1.519 0 0 1 13.482 13H2.518a1.516 1.516 0 0 1-1.263-2.36l1.703-2.554A.255.255 0 0 0 3 7.947Zm5-3.5A3.5 3.5 0 0 0 4.5 5v2.947c0 .346-.102.683-.294.97l-1.703 2.556a.017.017 0 0 0-.003.01l.001.006c0 .002.002.004.004.006l.006.004.007.001h10.964l.007-.001.006-.004.004-.006.001-.007a.017.017 0 0 0-.003-.01l-1.703-2.554a1.745 1.745 0 0 1-.294-.97V5A3.5 3.5 0 0 0 8 1.5Z"></path>
</svg>Notifications
</a>    <tool-tip id="tooltip-755192b9-5666-48a5-8d88-e3f06c74a35f" for="repository-details-watch-button" popover="manual" data-direction="s" data-type="description" data-view-component="true" class="sr-only position-absolute">You must be signed in to change notification settings</tool-tip>

  </li>

  <li>
          <a icon="repo-forked" id="fork-button" href="/login?return_to=%2Fpimutils%2Fkhal" rel="nofollow" data-hydro-click="{&quot;event_type&quot;:&quot;authentication.click&quot;,&quot;payload&quot;:{&quot;location_in_page&quot;:&quot;repo details fork button&quot;,&quot;repository_id&quot;:12357974,&quot;auth_type&quot;:&quot;LOG_IN&quot;,&quot;originating_url&quot;:&quot;https://github.com/pimutils/khal/blob/e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419/doc/source/license.rst&quot;,&quot;user_id&quot;:null}}" data-hydro-click-hmac="a621d31b87e9fc51b84de61a05467fa1db484b4a3900f965f68bbfd1f3072ac9" data-view-component="true" class="btn-sm btn">    <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-repo-forked mr-2 tmp-mr-2">
    <path d="M5 5.372v.878c0 .414.336.75.75.75h4.5a.75.75 0 0 0 .75-.75v-.878a2.25 2.25 0 1 1 1.5 0v.878a2.25 2.25 0 0 1-2.25 2.25h-1.5v2.128a2.251 2.251 0 1 1-1.5 0V8.5h-1.5A2.25 2.25 0 0 1 3.5 6.25v-.878a2.25 2.25 0 1 1 1.5 0ZM5 3.25a.75.75 0 1 0-1.5 0 .75.75 0 0 0 1.5 0Zm6.75.75a.75.75 0 1 0 0-1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0 1.5Zm-3 8.75a.75.75 0 1 0-1.5 0 .75.75 0 0 0 1.5 0Z"></path>
</svg>Fork
    <span id="repo-network-counter" data-pjax-replace="true" data-turbo-replace="true" title="225" data-view-component="true" class="Counter">225</span>
</a>
  </li>

  <li>
        <div data-view-component="true" class="BtnGroup d-flex">
        <a href="/login?return_to=%2Fpimutils%2Fkhal" rel="nofollow" data-hydro-click="{&quot;event_type&quot;:&quot;authentication.click&quot;,&quot;payload&quot;:{&quot;location_in_page&quot;:&quot;star button&quot;,&quot;repository_id&quot;:12357974,&quot;auth_type&quot;:&quot;LOG_IN&quot;,&quot;originating_url&quot;:&quot;https://github.com/pimutils/khal/blob/e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419/doc/source/license.rst&quot;,&quot;user_id&quot;:null}}" data-hydro-click-hmac="d2f8f3cdd6c52b7d9bbeda069330018c597b79156428700b7f42ac05a16e3727" aria-label="You must be signed in to star a repository" data-view-component="true" class="tooltipped tooltipped-sw btn-sm btn">    <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-star v-align-text-bottom d-inline-block mr-2 tmp-mr-2">
    <path d="M8 .25a.75.75 0 0 1 .673.418l1.882 3.815 4.21.612a.75.75 0 0 1 .416 1.279l-3.046 2.97.719 4.192a.751.751 0 0 1-1.088.791L8 12.347l-3.766 1.98a.75.75 0 0 1-1.088-.79l.72-4.194L.818 6.374a.75.75 0 0 1 .416-1.28l4.21-.611L7.327.668A.75.75 0 0 1 8 .25Zm0 2.445L6.615 5.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.564.41l-3.097.45 2.24 2.184a.75.75 0 0 1 .216.664l-.528 3.084 2.769-1.456a.75.75 0 0 1 .698 0l2.77 1.456-.53-3.084a.75.75 0 0 1 .216-.664l2.24-2.183-3.096-.45a.75.75 0 0 1-.564-.41L8 2.694Z"></path>
</svg><span data-view-component="true" class="d-inline">
          Star
</span>          <span id="repo-stars-counter-star" aria-label="2992 users starred this repository" data-singular-suffix="user starred this repository" data-plural-suffix="users starred this repository" data-turbo-replace="true" title="2,992" data-view-component="true" class="Counter js-social-count">3k</span>
</a></div>
  </li>

</ul>

        </div>
      </div>

        <div id="responsive-meta-container" data-turbo-replace>
</div>


          <nav data-pjax="#js-repo-pjax-container" aria-label="Repository" data-view-component="true" class="js-repo-nav js-sidenav-container-pjax js-responsive-underlinenav overflow-hidden UnderlineNav px-3 tmp-px-3 px-md-4 tmp-px-md-4 px-lg-5 tmp-px-lg-5">

  <ul data-view-component="true" class="UnderlineNav-body list-style-none">
      <li data-view-component="true" class="d-inline-flex">
  <a id="code-tab" href="/pimutils/khal" data-tab-item="i0code-tab" data-selected-links="repo_source repo_downloads repo_commits repo_releases repo_tags repo_branches repo_packages repo_deployments repo_attestations /pimutils/khal" data-pjax="#repo-content-pjax-container" data-turbo-frame="repo-content-turbo-frame" data-hotkey="g c" data-command-id="repositories:go-to-code" data-react-nav="code-view" data-react-nav-anchor="code-view-repo-link" data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Underline navbar&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;Click tab&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;Code&quot;,&quot;target&quot;:&quot;UNDERLINE_NAV.TAB&quot;}" aria-current="page" data-view-component="true" class="UnderlineNav-item no-wrap js-responsive-underlinenav-item js-selected-navigation-item selected">
    
              <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-code UnderlineNav-octicon d-none d-sm-inline">
    <path d="m11.28 3.22 4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.749.749 0 0 1-1.275-.326.749.749 0 0 1 .215-.734L13.94 8l-3.72-3.72a.749.749 0 0 1 .326-1.275.749.749 0 0 1 .734.215Zm-6.56 0a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042L2.06 8l3.72 3.72a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L.47 8.53a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg>
        <span data-content="Code">Code</span>
          <span id="code-repo-tab-count" data-pjax-replace="" data-turbo-replace="" title="Not available" data-view-component="true" class="Counter"></span>


    
</a></li>
      <li data-view-component="true" class="d-inline-flex">
  <a id="issues-tab" href="/pimutils/khal/issues" data-tab-item="i1issues-tab" data-selected-links="repo_issues repo_labels repo_milestones /pimutils/khal/issues" data-pjax="#repo-content-pjax-container" data-turbo-frame="repo-content-turbo-frame" data-hotkey="g i" data-command-id="repositories:go-to-issues" data-react-nav="issues-react" data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Underline navbar&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;Click tab&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;Issues&quot;,&quot;target&quot;:&quot;UNDERLINE_NAV.TAB&quot;}" data-view-component="true" class="UnderlineNav-item no-wrap js-responsive-underlinenav-item js-selected-navigation-item">
    
              <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-issue-opened UnderlineNav-octicon d-none d-sm-inline">
    <path d="M8 9.5a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Z"></path><path d="M8 0a8 8 0 1 1 0 16A8 8 0 0 1 8 0ZM1.5 8a6.5 6.5 0 1 0 13 0 6.5 6.5 0 0 0-13 0Z"></path>
</svg>
        <span data-content="Issues">Issues</span>
          <span id="issues-repo-tab-count" data-pjax-replace="" data-turbo-replace="" title="232" data-view-component="true" class="Counter">232</span>


    
</a></li>
      <li data-view-component="true" class="d-inline-flex">
  <a id="pull-requests-tab" href="/pimutils/khal/pulls" data-tab-item="i2pull-requests-tab" data-selected-links="repo_pulls checks /pimutils/khal/pulls" data-pjax="#repo-content-pjax-container" data-turbo-frame="repo-content-turbo-frame" data-hotkey="g p" data-command-id="repositories:go-to-pull-requests" data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Underline navbar&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;Click tab&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;Pull requests&quot;,&quot;target&quot;:&quot;UNDERLINE_NAV.TAB&quot;}" data-view-component="true" class="UnderlineNav-item no-wrap js-responsive-underlinenav-item js-selected-navigation-item">
    
              <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-git-pull-request UnderlineNav-octicon d-none d-sm-inline">
    <path d="M1.5 3.25a2.25 2.25 0 1 1 3 2.122v5.256a2.251 2.251 0 1 1-1.5 0V5.372A2.25 2.25 0 0 1 1.5 3.25Zm5.677-.177L9.573.677A.25.25 0 0 1 10 .854V2.5h1A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 13.5 5v5.628a2.251 2.251 0 1 1-1.5 0V5a1 1 0 0 0-1-1h-1v1.646a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L7.177 3.427a.25.25 0 0 1 0-.354ZM3.75 2.5a.75.75 0 1 0 0 1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5Zm0 9.5a.75.75 0 1 0 0 1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5Zm8.25.75a.75.75 0 1 0 1.5 0 .75.75 0 0 0-1.5 0Z"></path>
</svg>
        <span data-content="Pull requests">Pull requests</span>
          <span id="pull-requests-repo-tab-count" data-pjax-replace="" data-turbo-replace="" title="28" data-view-component="true" class="Counter">28</span>


    
</a></li>
      <li data-view-component="true" class="d-inline-flex">
  <a id="actions-tab" href="/pimutils/khal/actions" data-tab-item="i3actions-tab" data-selected-links="repo_actions /pimutils/khal/actions" data-pjax="#repo-content-pjax-container" data-turbo-frame="repo-content-turbo-frame" data-hotkey="g a" data-command-id="repositories:go-to-actions" data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Underline navbar&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;Click tab&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;Actions&quot;,&quot;target&quot;:&quot;UNDERLINE_NAV.TAB&quot;}" data-view-component="true" class="UnderlineNav-item no-wrap js-responsive-underlinenav-item js-selected-navigation-item">
    
              <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-play UnderlineNav-octicon d-none d-sm-inline">
    <path d="M8 0a8 8 0 1 1 0 16A8 8 0 0 1 8 0ZM1.5 8a6.5 6.5 0 1 0 13 0 6.5 6.5 0 0 0-13 0Zm4.879-2.773 4.264 2.559a.25.25 0 0 1 0 .428l-4.264 2.559A.25.25 0 0 1 6 10.559V5.442a.25.25 0 0 1 .379-.215Z"></path>
</svg>
        <span data-content="Actions">Actions</span>
          <span id="actions-repo-tab-count" data-pjax-replace="" data-turbo-replace="" title="Not available" data-view-component="true" class="Counter"></span>


    
</a></li>
      <li data-view-component="true" class="d-inline-flex">
  <a id="wiki-tab" href="/pimutils/khal/wiki" data-tab-item="i4wiki-tab" data-selected-links="repo_wiki /pimutils/khal/wiki" data-pjax="#repo-content-pjax-container" data-turbo-frame="repo-content-turbo-frame" data-hotkey="g w" data-command-id="repositories:go-to-wiki" data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Underline navbar&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;Click tab&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;Wiki&quot;,&quot;target&quot;:&quot;UNDERLINE_NAV.TAB&quot;}" data-view-component="true" class="UnderlineNav-item no-wrap js-responsive-underlinenav-item js-selected-navigation-item">
    
              <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-book UnderlineNav-octicon d-none d-sm-inline">
    <path d="M0 1.75A.75.75 0 0 1 .75 1h4.253c1.227 0 2.317.59 3 1.501A3.743 3.743 0 0 1 11.006 1h4.245a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v10.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75h-4.507a2.25 2.25 0 0 0-1.591.659l-.622.621a.75.75 0 0 1-1.06 0l-.622-.621A2.25 2.25 0 0 0 5.258 13H.75a.75.75 0 0 1-.75-.75Zm7.251 10.324.004-5.073-.002-2.253A2.25 2.25 0 0 0 5.003 2.5H1.5v9h3.757a3.75 3.75 0 0 1 1.994.574ZM8.755 4.75l-.004 7.322a3.752 3.752 0 0 1 1.992-.572H14.5v-9h-3.495a2.25 2.25 0 0 0-2.25 2.25Z"></path>
</svg>
        <span data-content="Wiki">Wiki</span>
          <span id="wiki-repo-tab-count" data-pjax-replace="" data-turbo-replace="" title="Not available" data-view-component="true" class="Counter"></span>


    
</a></li>
      <li data-view-component="true" class="d-inline-flex">
  <a id="security-and-quality-tab" href="/pimutils/khal/security" data-tab-item="i5security-and-quality-tab" data-selected-links="security overview alerts policy token_scanning code_scanning /pimutils/khal/security" data-pjax="#repo-content-pjax-container" data-turbo-frame="repo-content-turbo-frame" data-hotkey="g s" data-command-id="repositories:go-to-security" data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Underline navbar&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;Click tab&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;Security and quality&quot;,&quot;target&quot;:&quot;UNDERLINE_NAV.TAB&quot;}" data-view-component="true" class="UnderlineNav-item no-wrap js-responsive-underlinenav-item js-selected-navigation-item">
    
              <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-shield UnderlineNav-octicon d-none d-sm-inline">
    <path d="M7.467.133a1.748 1.748 0 0 1 1.066 0l5.25 1.68A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 15 3.48V7c0 1.566-.32 3.182-1.303 4.682-.983 1.498-2.585 2.813-5.032 3.855a1.697 1.697 0 0 1-1.33 0c-2.447-1.042-4.049-2.357-5.032-3.855C1.32 10.182 1 8.566 1 7V3.48a1.75 1.75 0 0 1 1.217-1.667Zm.61 1.429a.25.25 0 0 0-.153 0l-5.25 1.68a.25.25 0 0 0-.174.238V7c0 1.358.275 2.666 1.057 3.86.784 1.194 2.121 2.34 4.366 3.297a.196.196 0 0 0 .154 0c2.245-.956 3.582-2.104 4.366-3.298C13.225 9.666 13.5 8.36 13.5 7V3.48a.251.251 0 0 0-.174-.237l-5.25-1.68ZM8.75 4.75v3a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0v-3a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0ZM9 10.5a1 1 0 1 1-2 0 1 1 0 0 1 2 0Z"></path>
</svg>
        <span data-content="Security and quality">Security and quality</span>
          <span id="security-and-quality-repo-tab-count" data-pjax-replace="" data-turbo-replace="" title="0" hidden="hidden" data-view-component="true" class="Counter">0</span>


    
</a></li>
      <li data-view-component="true" class="d-inline-flex">
  <a id="insights-tab" href="/pimutils/khal/pulse" data-tab-item="i6insights-tab" data-selected-links="repo_graphs repo_contributors dependency_graph dependabot_updates pulse people community /pimutils/khal/pulse" data-pjax="#repo-content-pjax-container" data-turbo-frame="repo-content-turbo-frame" data-command-id="repositories:go-to-insights" data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Underline navbar&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;Click tab&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;Insights&quot;,&quot;target&quot;:&quot;UNDERLINE_NAV.TAB&quot;}" data-view-component="true" class="UnderlineNav-item no-wrap js-responsive-underlinenav-item js-selected-navigation-item">
    
              <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-graph UnderlineNav-octicon d-none d-sm-inline">
    <path d="M1.5 1.75V13.5h13.75a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5H.75a.75.75 0 0 1-.75-.75V1.75a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0Zm14.28 2.53-5.25 5.25a.75.75 0 0 1-1.06 0L7 7.06 4.28 9.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.25-3.25a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0L10 7.94l4.72-4.72a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042Z"></path>
</svg>
        <span data-content="Insights">Insights</span>
          <span id="insights-repo-tab-count" data-pjax-replace="" data-turbo-replace="" title="Not available" data-view-component="true" class="Counter"></span>


    
</a></li>
</ul>
    <div style="visibility:hidden;" data-view-component="true" class="UnderlineNav-actions js-responsive-underlinenav-overflow position-absolute pr-3 tmp-pr-3 pr-md-4 tmp-pr-md-4 pr-lg-5 tmp-pr-lg-5 right-0">      <action-menu data-select-variant="none" data-view-component="true">
  <focus-group direction="vertical" mnemonics retain>
    <button id="action-menu-dd8acfbf-edba-4ca5-bbde-a7880dd315c7-button" popovertarget="action-menu-dd8acfbf-edba-4ca5-bbde-a7880dd315c7-overlay" aria-controls="action-menu-dd8acfbf-edba-4ca5-bbde-a7880dd315c7-list" aria-haspopup="true" aria-labelledby="tooltip-18308a48-e857-4c7d-82f4-6efd8995f2e1" type="button" data-view-component="true" class="Button Button--iconOnly Button--secondary Button--medium UnderlineNav-item">  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-kebab-horizontal Button-visual">
    <path d="M8 9a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3ZM1.5 9a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Zm13 0a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Z"></path>
</svg>
</button><tool-tip id="tooltip-18308a48-e857-4c7d-82f4-6efd8995f2e1" for="action-menu-dd8acfbf-edba-4ca5-bbde-a7880dd315c7-button" popover="manual" data-direction="s" data-type="label" data-view-component="true" class="sr-only position-absolute">Additional navigation options</tool-tip>


<anchored-position data-target="action-menu.overlay" id="action-menu-dd8acfbf-edba-4ca5-bbde-a7880dd315c7-overlay" anchor="action-menu-dd8acfbf-edba-4ca5-bbde-a7880dd315c7-button" align="start" side="outside-bottom" anchor-offset="normal" popover="auto" data-view-component="true">
  <div data-view-component="true" class="Overlay Overlay--size-auto">
    
      <div data-view-component="true" class="Overlay-body Overlay-body--paddingNone">          <action-list>
  <div data-view-component="true">
    <ul aria-labelledby="action-menu-dd8acfbf-edba-4ca5-bbde-a7880dd315c7-button" id="action-menu-dd8acfbf-edba-4ca5-bbde-a7880dd315c7-list" role="menu" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListWrap--inset ActionListWrap">
        <li hidden="hidden" data-menu-item="i0code-tab" data-targets="action-list.items" role="none" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem">
    
    
    <a tabindex="-1" id="item-1281a5df-4e68-451b-b103-7fc7e0de6322" href="/pimutils/khal" role="menuitem" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListContent ActionListContent--visual16">
        <span class="ActionListItem-visual ActionListItem-visual--leading">
          <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-code">
    <path d="m11.28 3.22 4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.749.749 0 0 1-1.275-.326.749.749 0 0 1 .215-.734L13.94 8l-3.72-3.72a.749.749 0 0 1 .326-1.275.749.749 0 0 1 .734.215Zm-6.56 0a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042L2.06 8l3.72 3.72a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L.47 8.53a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg>
        </span>
      
        <span data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem-label">
          Code
</span>      
</a>
  
</li>
        <li hidden="hidden" data-menu-item="i1issues-tab" data-targets="action-list.items" role="none" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem">
    
    
    <a tabindex="-1" id="item-5b1dd0b5-5c6e-4b55-9365-02dc9164b68e" href="/pimutils/khal/issues" role="menuitem" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListContent ActionListContent--visual16">
        <span class="ActionListItem-visual ActionListItem-visual--leading">
          <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-issue-opened">
    <path d="M8 9.5a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Z"></path><path d="M8 0a8 8 0 1 1 0 16A8 8 0 0 1 8 0ZM1.5 8a6.5 6.5 0 1 0 13 0 6.5 6.5 0 0 0-13 0Z"></path>
</svg>
        </span>
      
        <span data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem-label">
          Issues
</span>      
</a>
  
</li>
        <li hidden="hidden" data-menu-item="i2pull-requests-tab" data-targets="action-list.items" role="none" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem">
    
    
    <a tabindex="-1" id="item-0bc033dd-02aa-40fb-a8d7-d0f28513053f" href="/pimutils/khal/pulls" role="menuitem" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListContent ActionListContent--visual16">
        <span class="ActionListItem-visual ActionListItem-visual--leading">
          <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-git-pull-request">
    <path d="M1.5 3.25a2.25 2.25 0 1 1 3 2.122v5.256a2.251 2.251 0 1 1-1.5 0V5.372A2.25 2.25 0 0 1 1.5 3.25Zm5.677-.177L9.573.677A.25.25 0 0 1 10 .854V2.5h1A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 13.5 5v5.628a2.251 2.251 0 1 1-1.5 0V5a1 1 0 0 0-1-1h-1v1.646a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L7.177 3.427a.25.25 0 0 1 0-.354ZM3.75 2.5a.75.75 0 1 0 0 1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5Zm0 9.5a.75.75 0 1 0 0 1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5Zm8.25.75a.75.75 0 1 0 1.5 0 .75.75 0 0 0-1.5 0Z"></path>
</svg>
        </span>
      
        <span data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem-label">
          Pull requests
</span>      
</a>
  
</li>
        <li hidden="hidden" data-menu-item="i3actions-tab" data-targets="action-list.items" role="none" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem">
    
    
    <a tabindex="-1" id="item-9279b111-8997-4784-8c7b-351c10b3c0ae" href="/pimutils/khal/actions" role="menuitem" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListContent ActionListContent--visual16">
        <span class="ActionListItem-visual ActionListItem-visual--leading">
          <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-play">
    <path d="M8 0a8 8 0 1 1 0 16A8 8 0 0 1 8 0ZM1.5 8a6.5 6.5 0 1 0 13 0 6.5 6.5 0 0 0-13 0Zm4.879-2.773 4.264 2.559a.25.25 0 0 1 0 .428l-4.264 2.559A.25.25 0 0 1 6 10.559V5.442a.25.25 0 0 1 .379-.215Z"></path>
</svg>
        </span>
      
        <span data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem-label">
          Actions
</span>      
</a>
  
</li>
        <li hidden="hidden" data-menu-item="i4wiki-tab" data-targets="action-list.items" role="none" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem">
    
    
    <a tabindex="-1" id="item-07366c16-ce8a-4c6e-b8ea-462595c74d77" href="/pimutils/khal/wiki" role="menuitem" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListContent ActionListContent--visual16">
        <span class="ActionListItem-visual ActionListItem-visual--leading">
          <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-book">
    <path d="M0 1.75A.75.75 0 0 1 .75 1h4.253c1.227 0 2.317.59 3 1.501A3.743 3.743 0 0 1 11.006 1h4.245a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v10.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75h-4.507a2.25 2.25 0 0 0-1.591.659l-.622.621a.75.75 0 0 1-1.06 0l-.622-.621A2.25 2.25 0 0 0 5.258 13H.75a.75.75 0 0 1-.75-.75Zm7.251 10.324.004-5.073-.002-2.253A2.25 2.25 0 0 0 5.003 2.5H1.5v9h3.757a3.75 3.75 0 0 1 1.994.574ZM8.755 4.75l-.004 7.322a3.752 3.752 0 0 1 1.992-.572H14.5v-9h-3.495a2.25 2.25 0 0 0-2.25 2.25Z"></path>
</svg>
        </span>
      
        <span data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem-label">
          Wiki
</span>      
</a>
  
</li>
        <li hidden="hidden" data-menu-item="i5security-and-quality-tab" data-targets="action-list.items" role="none" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem">
    
    
    <a tabindex="-1" id="item-b518f56c-5a47-4bba-af00-132c195f219f" href="/pimutils/khal/security" role="menuitem" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListContent ActionListContent--visual16">
        <span class="ActionListItem-visual ActionListItem-visual--leading">
          <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-shield">
    <path d="M7.467.133a1.748 1.748 0 0 1 1.066 0l5.25 1.68A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 15 3.48V7c0 1.566-.32 3.182-1.303 4.682-.983 1.498-2.585 2.813-5.032 3.855a1.697 1.697 0 0 1-1.33 0c-2.447-1.042-4.049-2.357-5.032-3.855C1.32 10.182 1 8.566 1 7V3.48a1.75 1.75 0 0 1 1.217-1.667Zm.61 1.429a.25.25 0 0 0-.153 0l-5.25 1.68a.25.25 0 0 0-.174.238V7c0 1.358.275 2.666 1.057 3.86.784 1.194 2.121 2.34 4.366 3.297a.196.196 0 0 0 .154 0c2.245-.956 3.582-2.104 4.366-3.298C13.225 9.666 13.5 8.36 13.5 7V3.48a.251.251 0 0 0-.174-.237l-5.25-1.68ZM8.75 4.75v3a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0v-3a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0ZM9 10.5a1 1 0 1 1-2 0 1 1 0 0 1 2 0Z"></path>
</svg>
        </span>
      
        <span data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem-label">
          Security and quality
</span>      
</a>
  
</li>
        <li hidden="hidden" data-menu-item="i6insights-tab" data-targets="action-list.items" role="none" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem">
    
    
    <a tabindex="-1" id="item-05d2df9e-768f-4caf-96ca-dd969dc818b9" href="/pimutils/khal/pulse" role="menuitem" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListContent ActionListContent--visual16">
        <span class="ActionListItem-visual ActionListItem-visual--leading">
          <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-graph">
    <path d="M1.5 1.75V13.5h13.75a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5H.75a.75.75 0 0 1-.75-.75V1.75a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0Zm14.28 2.53-5.25 5.25a.75.75 0 0 1-1.06 0L7 7.06 4.28 9.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.25-3.25a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0L10 7.94l4.72-4.72a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042Z"></path>
</svg>
        </span>
      
        <span data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem-label">
          Insights
</span>      
</a>
  
</li>
</ul>    
</div></action-list>


</div>
      
</div></anchored-position>  </focus-group>
</action-menu></div>
</nav>

  </div>
  



<turbo-frame id="repo-content-turbo-frame" target="_top" data-turbo-action="advance" class="">
    <div id="repo-content-pjax-container" class="repository-content " >
    



    
      
    








<react-app
  app-name="code-view"
  initial-path="/pimutils/khal/blob/e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419/doc/source/license.rst"
  style="display: block; min-height: calc(100vh - 64px);"
  data-attempted-ssr="true"
  data-ssr="true"
  data-lazy="false"
  data-alternate="false"
  data-data-router-enabled="true"
  data-react-profiling="false"
>
  
  <script type="application/json" data-target="react-app.embeddedData">{"payload":{"codeViewBlobRoute":{"csv":null,"csvError":null,"headerInfo":{"toc":[{"level":1,"text":"License","anchor":"license","htmlText":"License"}]},"issueTemplate":null,"discussionTemplate":null,"richText":"\u003carticle class=\"markdown-body entry-content container-lg\" itemprop=\"text\"\u003e\u003cdiv class=\"markdown-heading\" dir=\"auto\"\u003e\u003ch1 tabindex=\"-1\" class=\"heading-element\" dir=\"auto\"\u003eLicense\u003c/h1\u003e\u003ca id=\"user-content-license\" class=\"anchor\" aria-label=\"Permalink: License\" href=\"#license\"\u003e\u003csvg class=\"octicon octicon-link\" viewBox=\"0 0 16 16\" version=\"1.1\" width=\"16\" height=\"16\" aria-hidden=\"true\"\u003e\u003cpath d=\"m7.775 3.275 1.25-1.25a3.5 3.5 0 1 1 4.95 4.95l-2.5 2.5a3.5 3.5 0 0 1-4.95 0 .751.751 0 0 1 .018-1.042.751.751 0 0 1 1.042-.018 1.998 1.998 0 0 0 2.83 0l2.5-2.5a2.002 2.002 0 0 0-2.83-2.83l-1.25 1.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042Zm-4.69 9.64a1.998 1.998 0 0 0 2.83 0l1.25-1.25a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042l-1.25 1.25a3.5 3.5 0 1 1-4.95-4.95l2.5-2.5a3.5 3.5 0 0 1 4.95 0 .751.751 0 0 1-.018 1.042.751.751 0 0 1-1.042.018 1.998 1.998 0 0 0-2.83 0l-2.5 2.5a1.998 1.998 0 0 0 0 2.83Z\"\u003e\u003c/path\u003e\u003c/svg\u003e\u003c/a\u003e\u003c/div\u003e\n\u003cp dir=\"auto\"\u003ekhal is released under the Expat/MIT License:\u003c/p\u003e\n\u003cpre\u003eCopyright (c) 2013-2022 khal contributors\n\nPermission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of\nthis software and associated documentation files (the \"Software\"), to deal in\nthe Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to\nuse, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of\nthe Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,\nsubject to the following conditions:\n\nThe above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all\ncopies or substantial portions of the Software.\n\nTHE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED \"AS IS\", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\nIMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS\nFOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR\nCOPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER\nIN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN\nCONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\n\u003c/pre\u003e\n\n\u003c/article\u003e","richTextTruncated":false,"renderedFileInfo":null,"symbols":{"timed_out":false,"not_analyzed":true,"symbols":[]}},"codeViewLayoutRoute":{"repo":{"id":12357974,"defaultBranch":"master","name":"khal","ownerLogin":"pimutils","currentUserCanPush":false,"isFork":false,"isEmpty":false,"createdAt":"2013-08-25T11:22:27.000Z","ownerAvatar":"https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/17852924?v=4","public":true,"private":false,"isOrgOwned":true},"currentUser":null,"uploadToken":"Aa_wNgpPTeRTPMPsMvvxhVNsueKXIy5GUrw7INswCA5siJka0Mi5lFyU98Nj0h6798QIy4ghZogOSIrTupbjYA","allShortcutsEnabled":false,"treeExpanded":true,"path":"doc/source/license.rst","symbolsExpanded":false,"refInfo":{"name":"e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419","listCacheKey":"v0:1774368296.0","canEdit":false,"currentOid":"e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419"},"helpUrl":"https://docs.github.com","findFileWorkerPath":"/assets-cdn/worker/find-file-worker-378c581dbdb2429c.js","findInFileWorkerPath":"/assets-cdn/worker/find-in-file-worker-82470c2dd86b326d.js","githubDevUrl":null},"codeViewFileTreeLayoutRoute":{"fileTree":{"doc/source":{"items":[{"name":"images","path":"doc/source/images","contentType":"directory"},{"name":"news","path":"doc/source/news","contentType":"directory"},{"name":"ystatic","path":"doc/source/ystatic","contentType":"directory"},{"name":"ytemplates","path":"doc/source/ytemplates","contentType":"directory"},{"name":"changelog.rst","path":"doc/source/changelog.rst","contentType":"file"},{"name":"conf.py","path":"doc/source/conf.py","contentType":"file"},{"name":"configure.rst","path":"doc/source/configure.rst","contentType":"file"},{"name":"faq.rst","path":"doc/source/faq.rst","contentType":"file"},{"name":"feedback.rst","path":"doc/source/feedback.rst","contentType":"file"},{"name":"hacking.rst","path":"doc/source/hacking.rst","contentType":"file"},{"name":"index.rst","path":"doc/source/index.rst","contentType":"file"},{"name":"install.rst","path":"doc/source/install.rst","contentType":"file"},{"name":"license.rst","path":"doc/source/license.rst","contentType":"file"},{"name":"man.rst","path":"doc/source/man.rst","contentType":"file"},{"name":"news.rst","path":"doc/source/news.rst","contentType":"file"},{"name":"standards.rst","path":"doc/source/standards.rst","contentType":"file"},{"name":"usage.rst","path":"doc/source/usage.rst","contentType":"file"}],"totalCount":17},"doc":{"items":[{"name":"source","path":"doc/source","contentType":"directory"},{"name":"webpage","path":"doc/webpage","contentType":"directory"},{"name":"Makefile","path":"doc/Makefile","contentType":"file"}],"totalCount":3},"":{"items":[{"name":".github","path":".github","contentType":"directory"},{"name":"bin","path":"bin","contentType":"directory"},{"name":"doc","path":"doc","contentType":"directory"},{"name":"khal","path":"khal","contentType":"directory"},{"name":"misc","path":"misc","contentType":"directory"},{"name":"tests","path":"tests","contentType":"directory"},{"name":".coveragerc","path":".coveragerc","contentType":"file"},{"name":".gitignore","path":".gitignore","contentType":"file"},{"name":".pre-commit-config.yaml","path":".pre-commit-config.yaml","contentType":"file"},{"name":".readthedocs.yml","path":".readthedocs.yml","contentType":"file"},{"name":"AUTHORS.txt","path":"AUTHORS.txt","contentType":"file"},{"name":"CHANGELOG.rst","path":"CHANGELOG.rst","contentType":"file"},{"name":"CODE_OF_CONDUCT.rst","path":"CODE_OF_CONDUCT.rst","contentType":"file"},{"name":"CONTRIBUTING.rst","path":"CONTRIBUTING.rst","contentType":"file"},{"name":"COPYING","path":"COPYING","contentType":"file"},{"name":"MANIFEST.in","path":"MANIFEST.in","contentType":"file"},{"name":"README.rst","path":"README.rst","contentType":"file"},{"name":"codecov.yml","path":"codecov.yml","contentType":"file"},{"name":"khal.conf.sample","path":"khal.conf.sample","contentType":"file"},{"name":"publish-release.yaml","path":"publish-release.yaml","contentType":"file"},{"name":"pyproject.toml","path":"pyproject.toml","contentType":"file"},{"name":"tox.ini","path":"tox.ini","contentType":"file"}],"totalCount":22}},"fileTreeProcessingTime":82.53399999999999,"foldersToFetch":[]},"codeViewBlobLayoutRoute":{"codeLineWrapEnabled":false,"refInfo":{"name":"e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419","listCacheKey":"v0:1774368296.0","canEdit":false,"refType":"tree","currentOid":"e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419","canEditOnDefaultBranch":false,"fileExistsOnDefault":true},"path":"doc/source/license.rst","blob":{"copilotSWEAgentEnabled":false,"dependabotInfo":{"showConfigurationBanner":false,"configFilePath":null,"networkDependabotPath":"/pimutils/khal/network/updates","dismissConfigurationNoticePath":"/settings/dismiss-notice/dependabot_configuration_notice","configurationNoticeDismissed":null},"displayName":"license.rst","displayUrl":"https://github.com/pimutils/khal/blob/e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419/doc/source/license.rst?raw=true","headerInfo":{"blobSize":"1.16 KB","deleteTooltip":"You must be signed in to make or propose changes","editTooltip":"You must be signed in to make or propose changes","ghDesktopPath":null,"isGitLfs":false,"onBranch":false,"shortPath":"4be16ce","siteNavLoginPath":"/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fpimutils%2Fkhal%2Fblob%2Fe80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419%2Fdoc%2Fsource%2Flicense.rst","isCSV":false,"isRichtext":true,"lineInfo":{"truncatedLoc":"22","truncatedSloc":"18"},"mode":"file"},"image":false,"isCodeownersFile":null,"isPlain":false,"isValidLegacyIssueTemplate":false,"isIssueTemplate":false,"isDiscussionTemplate":false,"language":"reStructuredText","languageID":419,"large":false,"planSupportInfo":{"repoIsFork":null,"repoOwnedByCurrentUser":null,"requestFullPath":"/pimutils/khal/blob/e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419/doc/source/license.rst","showFreeOrgGatedFeatureMessage":null,"showPlanSupportBanner":null,"upgradeDataAttributes":null,"upgradePath":null},"publishBannersInfo":{"dismissActionNoticePath":"/settings/dismiss-notice/publish_action_from_dockerfile","releasePath":"/pimutils/khal/releases/new?marketplace=true","showPublishActionBanner":false},"rawBlobUrl":"https://github.com/pimutils/khal/raw/e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419/doc/source/license.rst","renderImageOrRaw":false,"shortPath":null,"symbolsEnabled":true,"tabSize":4,"topBannersInfo":{"overridingGlobalFundingFile":false,"globalPreferredFundingPath":null,"showInvalidCitationWarning":false,"citationHelpUrl":"https://docs.github.com/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-on-github/about-citation-files","actionsOnboardingTip":null},"truncated":false,"viewable":true,"workflowRedirectUrl":null},"copilotInfo":null,"copilotAccessAllowed":false,"copilotSpacesEnabled":false,"modelsAccessAllowed":false,"modelsRepoIntegrationEnabled":false,"isMarketplaceEnabled":true},"codeViewBlobLayoutRoute.StyledBlob":{"rawLines":["License","-------","khal is released under the Expat/MIT License::","","    Copyright (c) 2013-2022 khal contributors","","    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of","    this software and associated documentation files (the \"Software\"), to deal in","    the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to","    use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of","    the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,","    subject to the following conditions:","","    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all","    copies or substantial portions of the Software.","","    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED \"AS IS\", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR","    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS","    FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR","    COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER","    IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN","    CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE."],"stylingDirectives":[[],[[0,7,"pl-mh"]],[],[],[[0,45,"pl-c1"]],[],[[0,83,"pl-c1"]],[[0,81,"pl-c1"]],[[0,80,"pl-c1"]],[[0,84,"pl-c1"]],[[0,83,"pl-c1"]],[[0,40,"pl-c1"]],[],[[0,82,"pl-c1"]],[[0,51,"pl-c1"]],[],[[0,78,"pl-c1"]],[[0,84,"pl-c1"]],[[0,82,"pl-c1"]],[[0,82,"pl-c1"]],[[0,75,"pl-c1"]],[[0,78,"pl-c1"]]],"colorizedLines":null}},"title":"khal/doc/source/license.rst at e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419 · pimutils/khal","appPayload":{},"meta":{"title":"khal/doc/source/license.rst at e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419 · pimutils/khal"}}</script>
  <div data-target="react-app.reactRoot"><meta name="github-code-view-meta-stats" id="github-code-view-meta-stats" data-hydrostats="publish"/> <!-- --> <a hidden="" id="code-view-repo-link" href="/pimutils/khal" data-discover="true"></a> <div class="d-none"></div><div><div style="--spacing:var(--spacing-none)" class="prc-PageLayout-PageLayoutRoot--KH-d"><div class="prc-PageLayout-PageLayoutWrapper-2BhU2" data-width="full"><div class="prc-PageLayout-PageLayoutContent-BneH9"><div class="CodeViewFileTreeLayout-module__sidebar__n_Aau" tabindex="0"><div class="prc-PageLayout-PaneWrapper-pHPop ReposFileTreePane-module__Pane__rBZpI ReposFileTreePane-module__HideTree__AYZnm ReposFileTreePane-module__HidePane__VHAVt" style="--offset-header:0px;--spacing-row:var(--spacing-none);--spacing-column:var(--spacing-none)" data-is-hidden="false" data-position="start" data-sticky="true"><div class="prc-PageLayout-HorizontalDivider-JLVqp prc-PageLayout-PaneHorizontalDivider-9tbnE" data-variant-regular="none" data-variant-narrow="none" data-position="start" style="--spacing-divider:var(--spacing-none);--spacing:var(--spacing-none)"></div><div class="prc-PageLayout-Pane-AyzHK" data-resizable="true" style="--spacing:var(--spacing-none);--pane-min-width:256px;--pane-max-width:calc(100vw - var(--pane-max-width-diff));--pane-width-size:var(--pane-width-large);--pane-width:320px"></div><div class="prc-PageLayout-VerticalDivider-9QRmK prc-PageLayout-PaneVerticalDivider-le57g" data-variant-narrow="none" data-variant-regular="line" data-variant-wide="line" data-position="start" style="--spacing:var(--spacing-none)"><div class="prc-PageLayout-DraggableHandle-9s6B4" role="slider" aria-label="Draggable pane splitter" aria-valuemin="256" aria-valuemax="600" aria-valuenow="320" aria-valuetext="Pane width 320 pixels" tabindex="0"></div></div></div></div><div class="prc-PageLayout-ContentWrapper-gR9eG"><div class="prc-PageLayout-Content-xWL-A" data-width="full" style="--spacing:var(--spacing-none)"><div class="SharedPageLayout-module__content__IwGAp" data-selector="repos-split-pane-content" tabindex="0"> <!-- --> <div class="container CodeViewHeader-module__Box__JkPOb"><div class="CodeViewHeader-module__StickyHeader__Qn7UN" id="StickyHeader"><div class="CodeViewHeader-module__Box_1__SbNDV"><div class="CodeViewHeader-module__Box_2__TB46f"><div class="react-code-view-header-wrap--narrow CodeViewHeader-module__Box_3__q1zUL"><div class="CodeViewHeader-module__treeToggleWrapper__RQ__9"><h2 class="use-tree-pane-module__Heading__s4QbZ prc-Heading-Heading-MtWFE"><button data-component="Button" type="button" aria-label="Expand file tree" data-testid="expand-file-tree-button-mobile" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk ExpandFileTreeButton-module__Button_1__Svs95" data-loading="false" data-size="medium" data-variant="invisible"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="leadingVisual" class="prc-Button-Visual-YNt2F prc-Button-VisualWrap-E4cnq"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-arrow-left" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M7.78 12.53a.75.75 0 0 1-1.06 0L2.47 8.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06l4.25-4.25a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042L4.81 7h7.44a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5H4.81l2.97 2.97a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06Z"></path></svg></span><span data-component="text" class="prc-Button-Label-FWkx3">Files</span></span></button><button data-component="IconButton" type="button" data-testid="expand-file-tree-button" aria-controls="repos-file-tree" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk position-relative ExpandFileTreeButton-module__expandButton__hDOcv ExpandFileTreeButton-module__filesButtonBreakpoint__zEvz3 fgColor-muted prc-Button-IconButton-fyge7" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="medium" data-variant="invisible" aria-labelledby="_R_2aql3al1d_"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-sidebar-collapse" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.823 7.823a.25.25 0 0 1 0 .354l-2.396 2.396A.25.25 0 0 1 4 10.396V5.604a.25.25 0 0 1 .427-.177Z"></path><path d="M1.75 0h12.5C15.216 0 16 .784 16 1.75v12.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 16H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25V1.75C0 .784.784 0 1.75 0ZM1.5 1.75v12.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25H9.5v-13H1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25ZM11 14.5h3.25a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25H11Z"></path></svg></button><span class="prc-TooltipV2-Tooltip-tLeuB" data-direction="se" data-component="Tooltip" aria-hidden="true" id="_R_2aql3al1d_">Expand file tree</span><div class="d-none"></div></h2></div><div class="react-code-view-header-mb--narrow mr-2"><button data-component="Button" type="button" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false" tabindex="0" aria-label="e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419 branch" data-testid="anchor-button" data-icv-name="Switch branches/tags" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk ref-selector-class RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorOverlayBtn__a3WK3" data-loading="false" data-size="medium" data-variant="default" id="ref-picker-repos-header-ref-selector-wide"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="text" class="prc-Button-Label-FWkx3"><div class="RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorOverlayContainer__yaf4p"><div class="RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorOverlayHeader__XtXRG"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-git-branch" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M9.5 3.25a2.25 2.25 0 1 1 3 2.122V6A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 10 8.5H6a1 1 0 0 0-1 1v1.128a2.251 2.251 0 1 1-1.5 0V5.372a2.25 2.25 0 1 1 1.5 0v1.836A2.493 2.493 0 0 1 6 7h4a1 1 0 0 0 1-1v-.628A2.25 2.25 0 0 1 9.5 3.25Zm-6 0a.75.75 0 1 0 1.5 0 .75.75 0 0 0-1.5 0Zm8.25-.75a.75.75 0 1 0 0 1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5ZM4.25 12a.75.75 0 1 0 0 1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5Z"></path></svg></div><div style="max-width:125px" class="ref-selector-button-text-container RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorBtnTextContainer__Di3rk"><span class="RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorText__w_fmP"> <!-- -->e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419</span></div></div></span><span data-component="trailingVisual" class="prc-Button-Visual-YNt2F prc-Button-VisualWrap-E4cnq"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-triangle-down" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="m4.427 7.427 3.396 3.396a.25.25 0 0 0 .354 0l3.396-3.396A.25.25 0 0 0 11.396 7H4.604a.25.25 0 0 0-.177.427Z"></path></svg></span></span></button><div class="d-none"></div></div><div class="react-code-view-header-mb--narrow CodeViewHeader-module__Box_5__MQ0hL"><div class="Breadcrumb-module__container__Vxvev Breadcrumb-module__lg__Rjz0A"><nav data-testid="breadcrumbs" aria-labelledby="repos-header-breadcrumb-heading" id="repos-header-breadcrumb" class="Breadcrumb-module__nav__rQFDj"><h2 class="sr-only ScreenReaderHeading-module__userSelectNone__rwWIk prc-Heading-Heading-MtWFE" data-testid="screen-reader-heading" id="repos-header-breadcrumb-heading">Breadcrumbs</h2><ol class="Breadcrumb-module__list__ZH6zr"><li class="Breadcrumb-module__listItem__Ib0x_"><a class="Breadcrumb-module__repoLink__O2Nbs prc-Link-Link-9ZwDx" data-component="Link" data-testid="breadcrumbs-repo-link" href="/pimutils/khal/tree/e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419" data-discover="true">khal</a></li><li class="Breadcrumb-module__listItem__Ib0x_"><span class="Breadcrumb-module__separator__eNwsI Breadcrumb-module__lg__Rjz0A" aria-hidden="true">/</span><a class="Breadcrumb-module__directoryLink__kQy_t prc-Link-Link-9ZwDx" data-component="Link" href="/pimutils/khal/tree/e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419/doc" data-discover="true">doc</a></li><li class="Breadcrumb-module__listItem__Ib0x_"><span class="Breadcrumb-module__separator__eNwsI Breadcrumb-module__lg__Rjz0A" aria-hidden="true">/</span><a class="Breadcrumb-module__directoryLink__kQy_t prc-Link-Link-9ZwDx" data-component="Link" href="/pimutils/khal/tree/e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419/doc/source" data-discover="true">source</a></li></ol></nav><div data-testid="breadcrumbs-filename" class="Breadcrumb-module__filename__equZR"><span class="Breadcrumb-module__separator__eNwsI Breadcrumb-module__lg__Rjz0A" aria-hidden="true">/</span><h1 class="Breadcrumb-module__filenameHeading__MNMtw Breadcrumb-module__lg__Rjz0A prc-Heading-Heading-MtWFE" tabindex="-1" id="file-name-id">license.rst</h1></div><button data-component="IconButton" type="button" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk ml-2 prc-Button-IconButton-fyge7" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="small" data-variant="invisible" aria-labelledby="_R_3qql3al1d_"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-copy" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M0 6.75C0 5.784.784 5 1.75 5h1.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-1.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h7.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-1.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v1.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 9.25 16h-7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25Z"></path><path d="M5 1.75C5 .784 5.784 0 6.75 0h7.5C15.216 0 16 .784 16 1.75v7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 11h-7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 5 9.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h7.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-7.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path></svg></button><span class="CopyToClipboardButton-module__tooltip__BhMvU prc-TooltipV2-Tooltip-tLeuB" data-direction="nw" data-component="Tooltip" aria-label="Copy path" aria-hidden="true" id="_R_3qql3al1d_">Copy path</span></div></div></div><div class="react-code-view-header-element--wide"><div class="CodeViewHeader-module__Box_7___0R6c"><div class="d-flex gap-2"><div><div class="CodeViewHeader-module__FileResultsList__JDzUy"><span class="d-flex FileResultsList-module__FilesSearchBox__ivVkc TextInput-wrapper prc-components-TextInputWrapper-Hpdqi prc-components-TextInputBaseWrapper-wY-n0" data-component="TextInput" data-leading-visual="true" data-trailing-visual="true" aria-busy="false"><span class="TextInput-icon" id="_R_2pcql3al1d_" aria-hidden="true" data-component="TextInput.LeadingVisual"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-search" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M10.68 11.74a6 6 0 0 1-7.922-8.982 6 6 0 0 1 8.982 7.922l3.04 3.04a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215ZM11.5 7a4.499 4.499 0 1 0-8.997 0A4.499 4.499 0 0 0 11.5 7Z"></path></svg></span><input type="text" aria-label="Go to file" role="combobox" aria-controls="file-results-list" aria-expanded="false" aria-haspopup="dialog" autoCorrect="off" spellCheck="false" placeholder="Go to file" aria-describedby="_R_2pcql3al1d_ _R_2pcql3al1dH1_" data-component="input" class="prc-components-Input-IwWrt" value=""/><span class="TextInput-icon" id="_R_2pcql3al1dH1_" aria-hidden="true" data-component="TextInput.TrailingVisual"></span></span></div><div class="d-none"></div></div><button data-component="Button" type="button" style="display:none" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk NavigationMenu-module__Button__LpKgm" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="medium" data-variant="default"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="text" class="prc-Button-Label-FWkx3">Blame</span></span></button><div class="d-none"></div><button data-component="IconButton" type="button" data-testid="more-file-actions-button-nav-menu-wide" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false" tabindex="0" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk js-blob-dropdown-click NavigationMenu-module__IconButton__HpX3G prc-Button-IconButton-fyge7" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="medium" data-variant="default" aria-labelledby="_R_ficql3al1d_" id="_R_icql3al1d_"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-kebab-horizontal" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M8 9a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3ZM1.5 9a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Zm13 0a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Z"></path></svg></button><span class="prc-TooltipV2-Tooltip-tLeuB" data-direction="nw" data-component="Tooltip" aria-hidden="true" id="_R_ficql3al1d_">More file actions</span></div></div></div><div class="react-code-view-header-element--narrow"><div class="CodeViewHeader-module__Box_7___0R6c"><div class="d-flex gap-2"><button data-component="Button" type="button" style="display:none" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk NavigationMenu-module__Button__LpKgm" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="medium" data-variant="default"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="text" class="prc-Button-Label-FWkx3">Blame</span></span></button><div class="d-none"></div><button data-component="IconButton" type="button" data-testid="more-file-actions-button-nav-menu-narrow" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false" tabindex="0" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk js-blob-dropdown-click NavigationMenu-module__IconButton__HpX3G prc-Button-IconButton-fyge7" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="medium" data-variant="default" aria-labelledby="_R_fieql3al1d_" id="_R_ieql3al1d_"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-kebab-horizontal" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M8 9a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3ZM1.5 9a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Zm13 0a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Z"></path></svg></button><span class="prc-TooltipV2-Tooltip-tLeuB" data-direction="nw" data-component="Tooltip" aria-hidden="true" id="_R_fieql3al1d_">More file actions</span></div></div></div></div></div></div></div><div class="CodeView-module__contentWrapper__cG2JH"><div class="react-code-view-bottom-padding"><div class="BlobTopBanners-module__Box__v_nvx"></div></div> <div class="d-flex flex-column border rounded-2 tmp-mb-3 pl-1"><div class="LatestCommit-module__Box__B25ZT"><h2 class="sr-only ScreenReaderHeading-module__userSelectNone__rwWIk prc-Heading-Heading-MtWFE" data-testid="screen-reader-heading">Latest commit</h2><div style="width:120px" class="Skeleton Skeleton--text" data-testid="loading"> </div><div class="d-flex flex-shrink-0 gap-2"><div data-testid="latest-commit-details" class="d-none d-sm-flex flex-items-center"></div><div class="d-flex gap-2"><h2 class="sr-only ScreenReaderHeading-module__userSelectNone__rwWIk prc-Heading-Heading-MtWFE" data-testid="screen-reader-heading">History</h2><a data-component="LinkButton" href="/pimutils/khal/commits/e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419/doc/source/license.rst" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk d-none d-lg-flex LinkButton-module__linkButton__nFnov flex-items-center fgColor-default" data-loading="false" data-size="small" data-variant="invisible"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="leadingVisual" class="prc-Button-Visual-YNt2F prc-Button-VisualWrap-E4cnq"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-history" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="m.427 1.927 1.215 1.215a8.002 8.002 0 1 1-1.6 5.685.75.75 0 1 1 1.493-.154 6.5 6.5 0 1 0 1.18-4.458l1.358 1.358A.25.25 0 0 1 3.896 6H.25A.25.25 0 0 1 0 5.75V2.104a.25.25 0 0 1 .427-.177ZM7.75 4a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v2.992l2.028.812a.75.75 0 0 1-.557 1.392l-2.5-1A.751.751 0 0 1 7 8.25v-3.5A.75.75 0 0 1 7.75 4Z"></path></svg></span><span data-component="text" class="prc-Button-Label-FWkx3"><span class="fgColor-default">History</span></span></span></a><div class="d-sm-none"></div><div class="d-flex d-lg-none"><a data-component="LinkButton" aria-label="View commit history for this file." href="/pimutils/khal/commits/e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419/doc/source/license.rst" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk LinkButton-module__linkButton__nFnov flex-items-center fgColor-default" data-loading="false" data-size="small" data-variant="invisible" aria-describedby="_R_2balal3al1d_"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="leadingVisual" class="prc-Button-Visual-YNt2F prc-Button-VisualWrap-E4cnq"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-history" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="m.427 1.927 1.215 1.215a8.002 8.002 0 1 1-1.6 5.685.75.75 0 1 1 1.493-.154 6.5 6.5 0 1 0 1.18-4.458l1.358 1.358A.25.25 0 0 1 3.896 6H.25A.25.25 0 0 1 0 5.75V2.104a.25.25 0 0 1 .427-.177ZM7.75 4a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v2.992l2.028.812a.75.75 0 0 1-.557 1.392l-2.5-1A.751.751 0 0 1 7 8.25v-3.5A.75.75 0 0 1 7.75 4Z"></path></svg></span></span></a><span class="prc-TooltipV2-Tooltip-tLeuB" data-direction="s" data-component="Tooltip" role="tooltip" aria-hidden="true" id="_R_2balal3al1d_">History</span></div></div></div></div></div><div class="d-flex flex-row"><div class="container BlobViewContent-module__blobContainer__DtH2d"><div class="react-code-size-details-banner BlobViewContent-module__codeSizeDetails__e5sUw"><div class="react-code-size-details-banner CodeSizeDetails-module__Box__VcD6l"><div class="text-mono CodeSizeDetails-module__Box_1__GVxQL"><div data-testid="blob-size" class="CodeSizeDetails-module__Truncate_1__lE93V prc-Truncate-Truncate-2G1eo" data-inline="true" title="1.16 KB" style="--truncate-max-width:100%"><span>22 lines (18 loc) · 1.16 KB</span></div></div></div></div><div class="react-blob-view-header-sticky BlobViewContent-module__stickyHeader__VwxB5" id="repos-sticky-header"><div class="BlobViewHeader-module__Box__yhm9u"><div class="react-blob-sticky-header"><div class="FileNameStickyHeader-module__outerWrapper__ZL4Xc FileNameStickyHeader-module__outerWrapperHidden__Zpynk"><div class="FileNameStickyHeader-module__Box_1__Hazu5"><div class="FileNameStickyHeader-module__Box_2__hoolP"><div class="FileNameStickyHeader-module__Box_3__MVKsk"><button data-component="Button" type="button" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false" tabindex="0" aria-label="e80134f branch" data-testid="anchor-button" data-icv-name="Switch branches/tags" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk ref-selector-class RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorOverlayBtn__a3WK3" data-loading="false" data-size="medium" data-variant="default" id="ref-picker-repos-header-ref-selector"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="text" class="prc-Button-Label-FWkx3"><div class="RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorOverlayContainer__yaf4p"><div class="RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorOverlayHeader__XtXRG"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-git-branch" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M9.5 3.25a2.25 2.25 0 1 1 3 2.122V6A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 10 8.5H6a1 1 0 0 0-1 1v1.128a2.251 2.251 0 1 1-1.5 0V5.372a2.25 2.25 0 1 1 1.5 0v1.836A2.493 2.493 0 0 1 6 7h4a1 1 0 0 0 1-1v-.628A2.25 2.25 0 0 1 9.5 3.25Zm-6 0a.75.75 0 1 0 1.5 0 .75.75 0 0 0-1.5 0Zm8.25-.75a.75.75 0 1 0 0 1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5ZM4.25 12a.75.75 0 1 0 0 1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5Z"></path></svg></div><div style="max-width:125px" class="ref-selector-button-text-container RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorBtnTextContainer__Di3rk"><span class="RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorText__w_fmP"> <!-- -->e80134f</span></div></div></span><span data-component="trailingVisual" class="prc-Button-Visual-YNt2F prc-Button-VisualWrap-E4cnq"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-triangle-down" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="m4.427 7.427 3.396 3.396a.25.25 0 0 0 .354 0l3.396-3.396A.25.25 0 0 0 11.396 7H4.604a.25.25 0 0 0-.177.427Z"></path></svg></span></span></button><div class="d-none"></div></div><div class="FileNameStickyHeader-module__Box_4__FLhtt"><div class="Breadcrumb-module__container__Vxvev Breadcrumb-module__md__Wb1Gs"><nav data-testid="breadcrumbs" aria-labelledby="sticky-breadcrumb-heading" id="sticky-breadcrumb" class="Breadcrumb-module__nav__rQFDj"><h2 class="sr-only ScreenReaderHeading-module__userSelectNone__rwWIk prc-Heading-Heading-MtWFE" data-testid="screen-reader-heading" id="sticky-breadcrumb-heading">Breadcrumbs</h2><ol class="Breadcrumb-module__list__ZH6zr"><li class="Breadcrumb-module__listItem__Ib0x_"><a class="Breadcrumb-module__repoLink__O2Nbs prc-Link-Link-9ZwDx" data-component="Link" data-testid="breadcrumbs-repo-link" href="/pimutils/khal/tree/e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419" data-discover="true">khal</a></li><li class="Breadcrumb-module__listItem__Ib0x_"><span class="Breadcrumb-module__separator__eNwsI Breadcrumb-module__md__Wb1Gs" aria-hidden="true">/</span><a class="Breadcrumb-module__directoryLink__kQy_t prc-Link-Link-9ZwDx" data-component="Link" href="/pimutils/khal/tree/e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419/doc" data-discover="true">doc</a></li><li class="Breadcrumb-module__listItem__Ib0x_"><span class="Breadcrumb-module__separator__eNwsI Breadcrumb-module__md__Wb1Gs" aria-hidden="true">/</span><a class="Breadcrumb-module__directoryLink__kQy_t prc-Link-Link-9ZwDx" data-component="Link" href="/pimutils/khal/tree/e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419/doc/source" data-discover="true">source</a></li></ol></nav><div data-testid="breadcrumbs-filename" class="Breadcrumb-module__filename__equZR"><span class="Breadcrumb-module__separator__eNwsI Breadcrumb-module__md__Wb1Gs" aria-hidden="true">/</span><h1 class="Breadcrumb-module__filenameHeading__MNMtw Breadcrumb-module__md__Wb1Gs prc-Heading-Heading-MtWFE" tabindex="-1" id="sticky-file-name-id">license.rst</h1></div></div></div></div><button data-component="Button" type="button" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk FileNameStickyHeader-module__Button__LSEU_ FileNameStickyHeader-module__GoToTopButton__nxAFn" data-loading="false" data-size="small" data-variant="invisible"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="leadingVisual" class="prc-Button-Visual-YNt2F prc-Button-VisualWrap-E4cnq"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-arrow-up" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.47 7.78a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06l4.25-4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-.018 1.042.751.751 0 0 1-1.042.018L9 4.81v7.44a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0V4.81L4.53 7.78a.75.75 0 0 1-1.06 0Z"></path></svg></span><span data-component="text" class="prc-Button-Label-FWkx3">Top</span></span></button></div></div></div><div class="BlobViewHeader-module__Box_1__VEmuQ"><h2 class="sr-only ScreenReaderHeading-module__userSelectNone__rwWIk prc-Heading-Heading-MtWFE" data-testid="screen-reader-heading">File metadata and controls</h2><div class="BlobViewHeader-module__Box_2__icUs2"><ul aria-label="File view" class="prc-SegmentedControl-SegmentedControl-lqIXp BlobTabButtons-module__SegmentedControl__jen2u" data-variant="default" data-size="small"><li class="prc-SegmentedControl-Item-tSCQh" data-selected=""><button aria-current="true" class="prc-SegmentedControl-Button-E48xz" type="button" style="--separator-color:transparent"><span class="prc-SegmentedControl-Content-1COlk segmentedControl-content"><div class="prc-SegmentedControl-Text-7S2y2 segmentedControl-text" data-text="Preview">Preview</div></span></button></li><li class="prc-SegmentedControl-Item-tSCQh"><button aria-current="false" class="prc-SegmentedControl-Button-E48xz" type="button" style="--separator-color:var(--borderColor-default)"><span class="prc-SegmentedControl-Content-1COlk segmentedControl-content"><div class="prc-SegmentedControl-Text-7S2y2 segmentedControl-text" data-text="Code">Code</div></span></button></li><li class="prc-SegmentedControl-Item-tSCQh"><button aria-current="false" class="prc-SegmentedControl-Button-E48xz" type="button" style="--separator-color:var(--borderColor-default)"><span class="prc-SegmentedControl-Content-1COlk segmentedControl-content"><div class="prc-SegmentedControl-Text-7S2y2 segmentedControl-text" data-text="Blame">Blame</div></span></button></li></ul><div class="d-none"></div><div class="react-code-size-details-in-header CodeSizeDetails-module__Box__VcD6l"><div class="text-mono CodeSizeDetails-module__Box_1__GVxQL"><div data-testid="blob-size" class="CodeSizeDetails-module__Truncate_1__lE93V prc-Truncate-Truncate-2G1eo" data-inline="true" title="1.16 KB" style="--truncate-max-width:100%"><span>22 lines (18 loc) · 1.16 KB</span></div></div></div></div><div class="BlobViewHeader-module__Box_3__ng6v2"><div class="d-none"></div><div class="react-blob-header-edit-and-raw-actions BlobViewHeader-module__Box_4__J4Y4W"><div class="d-none"></div><div class="prc-ButtonGroup-ButtonGroup-vFUrY"><div><a data-component="LinkButton" href="https://github.com/pimutils/khal/raw/e80134f9b8d8b84ddbb2390b1cd414c9e0388419/doc/source/license.rst" data-testid="raw-button" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk LinkButton-module__linkButton__nFnov BlobViewHeader-module__LinkButton__X9kx2" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="small" data-variant="default"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="text" class="prc-Button-Label-FWkx3">Raw</span></span></a></div><div><button data-component="IconButton" type="button" data-testid="copy-raw-button" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk prc-Button-IconButton-fyge7" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="small" data-variant="default" aria-labelledby="_R_d5f6clal3al1d_"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-copy" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M0 6.75C0 5.784.784 5 1.75 5h1.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-1.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h7.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-1.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v1.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 9.25 16h-7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25Z"></path><path d="M5 1.75C5 .784 5.784 0 6.75 0h7.5C15.216 0 16 .784 16 1.75v7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 11h-7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 5 9.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h7.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-7.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path></svg></button><span class="prc-TooltipV2-Tooltip-tLeuB" data-direction="n" data-component="Tooltip" aria-hidden="true" id="_R_d5f6clal3al1d_">Copy raw file</span></div><div><button data-component="IconButton" type="button" data-testid="download-raw-button" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk BlobViewHeader-module__downloadButton__ef459 prc-Button-IconButton-fyge7" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="small" data-variant="default" aria-labelledby="_R_75f6clal3al1d_"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-download" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M2.75 14A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 1 12.25v-2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v2.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h10.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v2.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 13.25 14Z"></path><path d="M7.25 7.689V2a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v5.689l1.97-1.969a.749.749 0 1 1 1.06 1.06l-3.25 3.25a.749.749 0 0 1-1.06 0L4.22 6.78a.749.749 0 1 1 1.06-1.06l1.97 1.969Z"></path></svg></button><span class="prc-TooltipV2-Tooltip-tLeuB" data-direction="n" data-component="Tooltip" aria-hidden="true" id="_R_75f6clal3al1d_">Download raw file</span></div></div></div><div class="react-blob-header-edit-and-raw-actions-combined"><button data-component="IconButton" type="button" title="More file actions" data-testid="more-file-actions-button" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false" tabindex="0" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk js-blob-dropdown-click BlobViewHeader-module__IconButton__XrMQY prc-Button-IconButton-fyge7" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="small" data-variant="invisible" aria-labelledby="_R_7q76clal3al1d_" id="_R_a76clal3al1d_"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-kebab-horizontal" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M8 9a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3ZM1.5 9a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Zm13 0a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Z"></path></svg></button><span class="prc-TooltipV2-Tooltip-tLeuB" data-direction="nw" data-component="Tooltip" aria-hidden="true" id="_R_7q76clal3al1d_">Edit and raw actions</span></div></div></div></div><div></div></div><div class="BlobViewContent-module__blobContentWrapper__JS0W6"><section aria-labelledby="file-name-id-wide file-name-id-mobile" class="BlobContent-module__blobContentSection__VOgZq BlobContent-module__blobContentSectionMarkdown__mPLOK" style="margin-top:46px"><div class="js-snippet-clipboard-copy-unpositioned BlobContent-module__markdownBlob__T8jpG" data-hpc="true"><article class="markdown-body entry-content container-lg" itemprop="text"><div class="markdown-heading" dir="auto"><h1 tabindex="-1" class="heading-element" dir="auto">License</h1><a id="user-content-license" class="anchor" aria-label="Permalink: License" href="#license"><svg class="octicon octicon-link" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" height="16" aria-hidden="true"><path d="m7.775 3.275 1.25-1.25a3.5 3.5 0 1 1 4.95 4.95l-2.5 2.5a3.5 3.5 0 0 1-4.95 0 .751.751 0 0 1 .018-1.042.751.751 0 0 1 1.042-.018 1.998 1.998 0 0 0 2.83 0l2.5-2.5a2.002 2.002 0 0 0-2.83-2.83l-1.25 1.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042Zm-4.69 9.64a1.998 1.998 0 0 0 2.83 0l1.25-1.25a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042l-1.25 1.25a3.5 3.5 0 1 1-4.95-4.95l2.5-2.5a3.5 3.5 0 0 1 4.95 0 .751.751 0 0 1-.018 1.042.751.751 0 0 1-1.042.018 1.998 1.998 0 0 0-2.83 0l-2.5 2.5a1.998 1.998 0 0 0 0 2.83Z"></path></svg></a></div>
<p dir="auto">khal is released under the Expat/MIT License:</p>
<pre>Copyright (c) 2013-2022 khal contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
</pre>

</article></div><div class="d-none"></div></section></div></div></div> </div> <!-- --> </div></div></div></div></div></div><div class="ScrollMarksContainer-module__scrollMarksContainer__Eu7uU" id="find-result-marks-container"></div><div class="d-none"></div><div class="d-none"></div></div> <!-- --> <!-- --> <script type="application/json" id="__PRIMER_DATA__R_1___">{"resolvedServerColorMode":"day"}</script></div>
</react-app>




  </div>

</turbo-frame>

    </main>
  </div>

  </div>

          <footer class="footer tmp-pt-7 tmp-pb-6 f6 color-fg-muted color-border-subtle p-responsive" role="contentinfo" >
  <h2 class='sr-only'>Footer</h2>

  


  <div class="d-flex flex-justify-center flex-items-center flex-column-reverse flex-lg-row flex-wrap flex-lg-nowrap">
    <div class="d-flex flex-items-center flex-shrink-0 mx-2">
      <a aria-label="GitHub Homepage" class="footer-octicon mr-2" href="https://github.com">
        <svg aria-hidden="true" height="24" viewBox="0 0 24 24" version="1.1" width="24" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-mark-github">
    <path d="M10.226 17.284c-2.965-.36-5.054-2.493-5.054-5.256 0-1.123.404-2.336 1.078-3.144-.292-.741-.247-2.314.09-2.965.898-.112 2.111.36 2.83 1.01.853-.269 1.752-.404 2.853-.404 1.1 0 1.999.135 2.807.382.696-.629 1.932-1.1 2.83-.988.315.606.36 2.179.067 2.942.72.854 1.101 2 1.101 3.167 0 2.763-2.089 4.852-5.098 5.234.763.494 1.28 1.572 1.28 2.807v2.336c0 .674.561 1.056 1.235.786 4.066-1.55 7.255-5.615 7.255-10.646C23.5 6.188 18.334 1 11.978 1 5.62 1 .5 6.188.5 12.545c0 4.986 3.167 9.12 7.435 10.669.606.225 1.19-.18 1.19-.786V20.63a2.9 2.9 0 0 1-1.078.224c-1.483 0-2.359-.808-2.987-2.313-.247-.607-.517-.966-1.034-1.033-.27-.023-.359-.135-.359-.27 0-.27.45-.471.898-.471.652 0 1.213.404 1.797 1.235.45.651.921.943 1.483.943.561 0 .92-.202 1.437-.719.382-.381.674-.718.944-.943"></path>
</svg>
</a>
      <span>
        &copy; 2026 GitHub,&nbsp;Inc.
      </span>
    </div>

    <nav aria-label="Footer">
      <h3 class="sr-only" id="sr-footer-heading">Footer navigation</h3>

      <ul class="list-style-none d-flex flex-justify-center flex-wrap mb-2 mb-lg-0" aria-labelledby="sr-footer-heading">


          <li class="mx-2">
            <a data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;go to Terms&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;text:terms&quot;}" href="https://docs.github.com/site-policy/github-terms/github-terms-of-service" data-view-component="true" class="Link--secondary Link">Terms</a>
          </li>

          <li class="mx-2">
            <a data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;go to privacy&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;text:privacy&quot;}" href="https://docs.github.com/site-policy/privacy-policies/github-privacy-statement" data-view-component="true" class="Link--secondary Link">Privacy</a>
          </li>

          <li class="mx-2">
            <a data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;go to security&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;text:security&quot;}" href="https://github.com/security" data-view-component="true" class="Link--secondary Link">Security</a>
          </li>

          <li class="mx-2">
            <a data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;go to status&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;text:status&quot;}" href="https://www.githubstatus.com/" data-view-component="true" class="Link--secondary Link">Status</a>
          </li>

          <li class="mx-2">
            <a data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;go to community&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;text:community&quot;}" href="https://github.community/" data-view-component="true" class="Link--secondary Link">Community</a>
          </li>

          <li class="mx-2">
            <a data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;go to docs&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;text:docs&quot;}" href="https://docs.github.com/" data-view-component="true" class="Link--secondary Link">Docs</a>
          </li>

          <li class="mx-2">
            <a data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;go to contact&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;text:contact&quot;}" href="https://support.github.com?tags=dotcom-footer" data-view-component="true" class="Link--secondary Link">Contact</a>
          </li>

          <li class="mx-2" >
  <cookie-consent-link>
    <button
      type="button"
      class="Link--secondary underline-on-hover border-0 p-0 color-bg-transparent"
      data-action="click:cookie-consent-link#showConsentManagement"
      data-analytics-event="{&quot;location&quot;:&quot;footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;cookies&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;subfooter&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;cookies_link_subfooter_footer&quot;}"
    >
       Manage cookies
    </button>
  </cookie-consent-link>
</li>

<li class="mx-2">
  <cookie-consent-link>
    <button
      type="button"
      class="Link--secondary underline-on-hover border-0 p-0 color-bg-transparent text-left"
      data-action="click:cookie-consent-link#showConsentManagement"
      data-analytics-event="{&quot;location&quot;:&quot;footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;dont_share_info&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;subfooter&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;dont_share_info_link_subfooter_footer&quot;}"
    >
      Do not share my personal information
    </button>
  </cookie-consent-link>
</li>

      </ul>
    </nav>
  </div>
</footer>



    <ghcc-consent id="ghcc" class="position-fixed bottom-0 left-0" style="z-index: 999999"
      data-locale="en"
      data-initial-cookie-consent-allowed=""
      data-cookie-consent-required="false"
    ></ghcc-consent>




  <div id="ajax-error-message" class="ajax-error-message flash flash-error" hidden>
    <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-alert">
    <path d="M6.457 1.047c.659-1.234 2.427-1.234 3.086 0l6.082 11.378A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.082 15H1.918a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.543-2.575Zm1.763.707a.25.25 0 0 0-.44 0L1.698 13.132a.25.25 0 0 0 .22.368h12.164a.25.25 0 0 0 .22-.368Zm.53 3.996v2.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0v-2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0ZM9 11a1 1 0 1 1-2 0 1 1 0 0 1 2 0Z"></path>
</svg>
    <button type="button" class="flash-close js-ajax-error-dismiss" aria-label="Dismiss error">
      <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-x">
    <path d="M3.72 3.72a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0L8 6.94l3.22-3.22a.749.749 0 0 1 1.275.326.749.749 0 0 1-.215.734L9.06 8l3.22 3.22a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L8 9.06l-3.22 3.22a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L6.94 8 3.72 4.78a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg>
    </button>
    You can’t perform that action at this time.
  </div>

    <template id="site-details-dialog">
  <details class="details-reset details-overlay details-overlay-dark lh-default color-fg-default hx_rsm" open>
    <summary role="button" aria-label="Close dialog"></summary>
    <details-dialog class="Box Box--overlay d-flex flex-column anim-fade-in fast hx_rsm-dialog hx_rsm-modal">
      <button class="Box-btn-octicon m-0 btn-octicon position-absolute right-0 top-0" type="button" aria-label="Close dialog" data-close-dialog>
        <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-x">
    <path d="M3.72 3.72a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0L8 6.94l3.22-3.22a.749.749 0 0 1 1.275.326.749.749 0 0 1-.215.734L9.06 8l3.22 3.22a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L8 9.06l-3.22 3.22a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L6.94 8 3.72 4.78a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg>
      </button>
      <div class="octocat-spinner tmp-my-6 js-details-dialog-spinner"></div>
    </details-dialog>
  </details>
</template>

    <div class="Popover js-hovercard-content position-absolute" style="display: none; outline: none;">
  <div class="Popover-message Popover-message--bottom-left Popover-message--large Box color-shadow-large" style="width:360px;">
  </div>
</div>

    <template id="snippet-clipboard-copy-button">
  <div class="zeroclipboard-container position-absolute right-0 top-0">
    <clipboard-copy aria-label="Copy" class="ClipboardButton btn js-clipboard-copy m-2 p-0" data-copy-feedback="Copied!" data-tooltip-direction="w">
      <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-copy js-clipboard-copy-icon m-2 tmp-m-2">
    <path d="M0 6.75C0 5.784.784 5 1.75 5h1.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-1.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h7.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-1.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v1.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 9.25 16h-7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25Z"></path><path d="M5 1.75C5 .784 5.784 0 6.75 0h7.5C15.216 0 16 .784 16 1.75v7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 11h-7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 5 9.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h7.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-7.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path>
</svg>
      <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-check js-clipboard-check-icon color-fg-success d-none m-2 tmp-m-2">
    <path d="M13.78 4.22a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-7.25 7.25a.75.75 0 0 1-1.06 0L2.22 9.28a.751.751 0 0 1 .018-1.042.751.751 0 0 1 1.042-.018L6 10.94l6.72-6.72a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0Z"></path>
</svg>
    </clipboard-copy>
  </div>
</template>
<template id="snippet-clipboard-copy-button-unpositioned">
  <div class="zeroclipboard-container">
    <clipboard-copy aria-label="Copy" class="ClipboardButton btn btn-invisible js-clipboard-copy m-2 p-0 d-flex flex-justify-center flex-items-center" data-copy-feedback="Copied!" data-tooltip-direction="w">
      <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-copy js-clipboard-copy-icon">
    <path d="M0 6.75C0 5.784.784 5 1.75 5h1.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-1.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h7.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-1.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v1.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 9.25 16h-7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25Z"></path><path d="M5 1.75C5 .784 5.784 0 6.75 0h7.5C15.216 0 16 .784 16 1.75v7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 11h-7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 5 9.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h7.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-7.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path>
</svg>
      <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-check js-clipboard-check-icon color-fg-success d-none">
    <path d="M13.78 4.22a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-7.25 7.25a.75.75 0 0 1-1.06 0L2.22 9.28a.751.751 0 0 1 .018-1.042.751.751 0 0 1 1.042-.018L6 10.94l6.72-6.72a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0Z"></path>
</svg>
    </clipboard-copy>
  </div>
</template>




    </div>
    <div id="js-global-screen-reader-notice" class="sr-only mt-n1" aria-live="polite" aria-atomic="true" ></div>
    <div id="js-global-screen-reader-notice-assertive" class="sr-only mt-n1" aria-live="assertive" aria-atomic="true"></div>
  </body>
</html>

----------------------------------------

Package: multidict
License: Apache-2.0
Requires: n/a
Author: Andrew Svetlov <andrew.svetlov@gmail.com>
Home page: https://github.com/aio-libs/multidict

   Copyright 2016 Andrew Svetlov and aio-libs contributors

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

----------------------------------------

Package: orgparse
License: BSD-2-clause
Requires: n/a
Author: (unknown) <"Takafumi Arakaki (@tkf)" <aka.tkf@gmail.com>, "Dmitrii Gerasimov (@karlicoss)" <karlicoss@gmail.com>>
Home page: https://github.com/karlicoss/orgparse

BSD 2-Clause License

Copyright (c) 2012, Takafumi Arakaki
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

----------------------------------------

Package: propcache
License: Apache-2.0
Requires: n/a
Author: Andrew Svetlov <andrew.svetlov@gmail.com>
Home page: https://github.com/aio-libs/propcache

Apache License
                           Version 2.0, January 2004
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/

   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

   1. Definitions.

      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.

      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
      exercising permissions granted by this License.

      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation
      source, and configuration files.

      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
      and conversions to other media types.

      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.

   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
      as of the date such litigation is filed.

   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
      meet the following conditions:

      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
          stating that You changed the files; and

      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
          the Derivative Works; and

      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
          as modifying the License.

      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
      the conditions stated in this License.

   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
      identification within third-party archives.

   Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

----------------------------------------

Package: python-dateutil
License: BSD-3-clause
Requires: six
Author: Gustavo Niemeyer <gustavo@niemeyer.net>
Home page: https://github.com/dateutil/dateutil

Copyright 2017- Paul Ganssle <paul@ganssle.io>
Copyright 2017- dateutil contributors (see AUTHORS file)

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

The above license applies to all contributions after 2017-12-01, as well as
all contributions that have been re-licensed (see AUTHORS file for the list of
contributors who have re-licensed their code).
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
dateutil - Extensions to the standard Python datetime module.

Copyright (c) 2003-2011 - Gustavo Niemeyer <gustavo@niemeyer.net>
Copyright (c) 2012-2014 - Tomi Pieviläinen <tomi.pievilainen@iki.fi>
Copyright (c) 2014-2016 - Yaron de Leeuw <me@jarondl.net>
Copyright (c) 2015-     - Paul Ganssle <paul@ganssle.io>
Copyright (c) 2015-     - dateutil contributors (see AUTHORS file)

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
      and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    * Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its
      contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
      this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The above BSD License Applies to all code, even that also covered by Apache 2.0.

----------------------------------------

Package: pytz
License: MIT
Requires: n/a
Author: Stuart Bishop <stuart@stuartbishop.net>
Home page: http://pythonhosted.org/pytz

Copyright (c) 2003-2019 Stuart Bishop <stuart@stuartbishop.net>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

----------------------------------------

Package: pyxdg
License: LGPL-2.1
Requires: n/a
Author: None
Home page: http://freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/pyxdg

NOTE: This module was missing a license file (despite listing a license name) so one has been auto-generated

GNU Lesser General Public License
Version 2.1, February 1999

Copyright (C) 1991, 1999 Free Software Foundation, Inc. 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

[This is the first released version of the Lesser GPL. It also counts as the successor of the GNU Library Public License, version 2, hence the version number 2.1.]

Preamble
The licenses for most software are designed to take away your freedom to share and change it. By contrast, the GNU General Public Licenses are intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change free software--to make sure the software is free for all its users.

This license, the Lesser General Public License, applies to some specially designated software packages--typically libraries--of the Free Software Foundation and other authors who decide to use it. You can use it too, but we suggest you first think carefully about whether this license or the ordinary General Public License is the better strategy to use in any particular case, based on the explanations below.

When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom of use, not price. Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for this service if you wish); that you receive source code or can get it if you want it; that you can change the software and use pieces of it in new free programs; and that you are informed that you can do these things.

To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid distributors to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender these rights. These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if you distribute copies of the library or if you modify it.

For example, if you distribute copies of the library, whether gratis or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that we gave you. You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the source code. If you link other code with the library, you must provide complete object files to the recipients, so that they can relink them with the library after making changes to the library and recompiling it. And you must show them these terms so they know their rights.

We protect your rights with a two-step method: (1) we copyright the library, and (2) we offer you this license, which gives you legal permission to copy, distribute and/or modify the library.

To protect each distributor, we want to make it very clear that there is no warranty for the free library. Also, if the library is modified by someone else and passed on, the recipients should know that what they have is not the original version, so that the original author's reputation will not be affected by problems that might be introduced by others.

Finally, software patents pose a constant threat to the existence of any free program. We wish to make sure that a company cannot effectively restrict the users of a free program by obtaining a restrictive license from a patent holder. Therefore, we insist that any patent license obtained for a version of the library must be consistent with the full freedom of use specified in this license.

Most GNU software, including some libraries, is covered by the ordinary GNU General Public License. This license, the GNU Lesser General Public License, applies to certain designated libraries, and is quite different from the ordinary General Public License. We use this license for certain libraries in order to permit linking those libraries into non-free programs.

When a program is linked with a library, whether statically or using a shared library, the combination of the two is legally speaking a combined work, a derivative of the original library. The ordinary General Public License therefore permits such linking only if the entire combination fits its criteria of freedom. The Lesser General Public License permits more lax criteria for linking other code with the library.

We call this license the "Lesser" General Public License because it does Less to protect the user's freedom than the ordinary General Public License. It also provides other free software developers Less of an advantage over competing non-free programs. These disadvantages are the reason we use the ordinary General Public License for many libraries. However, the Lesser license provides advantages in certain special circumstances.

For example, on rare occasions, there may be a special need to encourage the widest possible use of a certain library, so that it becomes a de-facto standard. To achieve this, non-free programs must be allowed to use the library. A more frequent case is that a free library does the same job as widely used non-free libraries. In this case, there is little to gain by limiting the free library to free software only, so we use the Lesser General Public License.

In other cases, permission to use a particular library in non-free programs enables a greater number of people to use a large body of free software. For example, permission to use the GNU C Library in non-free programs enables many more people to use the whole GNU operating system, as well as its variant, the GNU/Linux operating system.

Although the Lesser General Public License is Less protective of the users' freedom, it does ensure that the user of a program that is linked with the Library has the freedom and the wherewithal to run that program using a modified version of the Library.

The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and modification follow. Pay close attention to the difference between a "work based on the library" and a "work that uses the library". The former contains code derived from the library, whereas the latter must be combined with the library in order to run.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION
0. This License Agreement applies to any software library or other program which contains a notice placed by the copyright holder or other authorized party saying it may be distributed under the terms of this Lesser General Public License (also called "this License"). Each licensee is addressed as "you".

A "library" means a collection of software functions and/or data prepared so as to be conveniently linked with application programs (which use some of those functions and data) to form executables.

The "Library", below, refers to any such software library or work which has been distributed under these terms. A "work based on the Library" means either the Library or any derivative work under copyright law: that is to say, a work containing the Library or a portion of it, either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated straightforwardly into another language. (Hereinafter, translation is included without limitation in the term "modification".)

"Source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work for making modifications to it. For a library, complete source code means all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilation and installation of the library.

Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not covered by this License; they are outside its scope. The act of running a program using the Library is not restricted, and output from such a program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based on the Library (independent of the use of the Library in a tool for writing it). Whether that is true depends on what the Library does and what the program that uses the Library does.

1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Library's complete source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact all the notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any warranty; and distribute a copy of this License along with the Library.

You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy, and you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a fee.

2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Library or any portion of it, thus forming a work based on the Library, and copy and distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1 above, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:

a) The modified work must itself be a software library.

b) You must cause the files modified to carry prominent notices stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.

c) You must cause the whole of the work to be licensed at no charge to all third parties under the terms of this License.

d) If a facility in the modified Library refers to a function or a table of data to be supplied by an application program that uses the facility, other than as an argument passed when the facility is invoked, then you must make a good faith effort to ensure that, in the event an application does not supply such function or table, the facility still operates, and performs whatever part of its purpose remains meaningful.

(For example, a function in a library to compute square roots has a purpose that is entirely well-defined independent of the application. Therefore, Subsection 2d requires that any application-supplied function or table used by this function must be optional: if the application does not supply it, the square root function must still compute square roots.)

These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole. If identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Library, and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those sections when you distribute them as separate works. But when you distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based on the Library, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote it.

Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or collective works based on the Library.

In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Library with the Library (or with a work based on the Library) on a volume of a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under the scope of this License.

3. You may opt to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU General Public License instead of this License to a given copy of the Library. To do this, you must alter all the notices that refer to this License, so that they refer to the ordinary GNU General Public License, version 2, instead of to this License. (If a newer version than version 2 of the ordinary GNU General Public License has appeared, then you can specify that version instead if you wish.) Do not make any other change in these notices.

Once this change is made in a given copy, it is irreversible for that copy, so the ordinary GNU General Public License applies to all subsequent copies and derivative works made from that copy.

This option is useful when you wish to copy part of the code of the Library into a program that is not a library.

4. You may copy and distribute the Library (or a portion or derivative of it, under Section 2) in object code or executable form under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you accompany it with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code, which must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange.

If distribution of object code is made by offering access to copy from a designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the source code from the same place satisfies the requirement to distribute the source code, even though third parties are not compelled to copy the source along with the object code.

5. A program that contains no derivative of any portion of the Library, but is designed to work with the Library by being compiled or linked with it, is called a "work that uses the Library". Such a work, in isolation, is not a derivative work of the Library, and therefore falls outside the scope of this License.

However, linking a "work that uses the Library" with the Library creates an executable that is a derivative of the Library (because it contains portions of the Library), rather than a "work that uses the library". The executable is therefore covered by this License. Section 6 states terms for distribution of such executables.

When a "work that uses the Library" uses material from a header file that is part of the Library, the object code for the work may be a derivative work of the Library even though the source code is not. Whether this is true is especially significant if the work can be linked without the Library, or if the work is itself a library. The threshold for this to be true is not precisely defined by law.

If such an object file uses only numerical parameters, data structure layouts and accessors, and small macros and small inline functions (ten lines or less in length), then the use of the object file is unrestricted, regardless of whether it is legally a derivative work. (Executables containing this object code plus portions of the Library will still fall under Section 6.)

Otherwise, if the work is a derivative of the Library, you may distribute the object code for the work under the terms of Section 6. Any executables containing that work also fall under Section 6, whether or not they are linked directly with the Library itself.

6. As an exception to the Sections above, you may also combine or link a "work that uses the Library" with the Library to produce a work containing portions of the Library, and distribute that work under terms of your choice, provided that the terms permit modification of the work for the customer's own use and reverse engineering for debugging such modifications.

You must give prominent notice with each copy of the work that the Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are covered by this License. You must supply a copy of this License. If the work during execution displays copyright notices, you must include the copyright notice for the Library among them, as well as a reference directing the user to the copy of this License. Also, you must do one of these things:

a) Accompany the work with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code for the Library including whatever changes were used in the work (which must be distributed under Sections 1 and 2 above); and, if the work is an executable linked with the Library, with the complete machine-readable "work that uses the Library", as object code and/or source code, so that the user can modify the Library and then relink to produce a modified executable containing the modified Library. (It is understood that the user who changes the contents of definitions files in the Library will not necessarily be able to recompile the application to use the modified definitions.)

b) Use a suitable shared library mechanism for linking with the Library. A suitable mechanism is one that (1) uses at run time a copy of the library already present on the user's computer system, rather than copying library functions into the executable, and (2) will operate properly with a modified version of the library, if the user installs one, as long as the modified version is interface-compatible with the version that the work was made with.

c) Accompany the work with a written offer, valid for at least three years, to give the same user the materials specified in Subsection 6a, above, for a charge no more than the cost of performing this distribution.

d) If distribution of the work is made by offering access to copy from a designated place, offer equivalent access to copy the above specified materials from the same place.

e) Verify that the user has already received a copy of these materials or that you have already sent this user a copy.

For an executable, the required form of the "work that uses the Library" must include any data and utility programs needed for reproducing the executable from it. However, as a special exception, the materials to be distributed need not include anything that is normally distributed (in either source or binary form) with the major components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the operating system on which the executable runs, unless that component itself accompanies the executable.

It may happen that this requirement contradicts the license restrictions of other proprietary libraries that do not normally accompany the operating system. Such a contradiction means you cannot use both them and the Library together in an executable that you distribute.

7. You may place library facilities that are a work based on the Library side-by-side in a single library together with other library facilities not covered by this License, and distribute such a combined library, provided that the separate distribution of the work based on the Library and of the other library facilities is otherwise permitted, and provided that you do these two things:

a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work based on the Library, uncombined with any other library facilities. This must be distributed under the terms of the Sections above.

b) Give prominent notice with the combined library of the fact that part of it is a work based on the Library, and explaining where to find the accompanying uncombined form of the same work.

8. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or distribute the Library except as expressly provided under this License. Any attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or distribute the Library is void, and will automatically terminate your rights under this License. However, parties who have received copies, or rights, from you under this License will not have their licenses terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.

9. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not signed it. However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or distribute the Library or its derivative works. These actions are prohibited by law if you do not accept this License. Therefore, by modifying or distributing the Library (or any work based on the Library), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying the Library or works based on it.

10. Each time you redistribute the Library (or any work based on the Library), the recipient automatically receives a license from the original licensor to copy, distribute, link with or modify the Library subject to these terms and conditions. You may not impose any further restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein. You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties with this License.

11. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues), conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not excuse you from the conditions of this License. If you cannot distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you may not distribute the Library at all. For example, if a patent license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Library by all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to refrain entirely from distribution of the Library.

If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under any particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to apply, and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other circumstances.

It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the integrity of the free software distribution system which is implemented by public license practices. Many people have made generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed through that system in reliance on consistent application of that system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot impose that choice.

This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to be a consequence of the rest of this License.

12. If the distribution and/or use of the Library is restricted in certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the original copyright holder who places the Library under this License may add an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those countries, so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries not thus excluded. In such case, this License incorporates the limitation as if written in the body of this License.

13. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions of the Lesser General Public License from time to time. Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.

Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the Library specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and "any later version", you have the option of following the terms and conditions either of that version or of any later version published by the Free Software Foundation. If the Library does not specify a license version number, you may choose any version ever published by the Free Software Foundation.

14. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Library into other free programs whose distribution conditions are incompatible with these, write to the author to ask for permission. For software which is copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation, write to the Free Software Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this. Our decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the free status of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing and reuse of software generally.

NO WARRANTY

15. BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

16. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
How to Apply These Terms to Your New Libraries
If you develop a new library, and you want it to be of the greatest possible use to the public, we recommend making it free software that everyone can redistribute and change. You can do so by permitting redistribution under these terms (or, alternatively, under the terms of the ordinary General Public License).
To apply these terms, attach the following notices to the library. It is safest to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively convey the exclusion of warranty; and each file should have at least the "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found.

<one line to give the library's name and an idea of what it does.> Copyright (C) <year> <name of author>

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA

Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.

You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or your school, if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the library, if necessary. Here is a sample; alter the names:

Yoyodyne, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the library `Frob' (a library for tweaking knobs) written by James Random Hacker.

signature of Ty Coon, 1 April 1990
Ty Coon, President of Vice

That's all there is to it!

----------------------------------------

Package: requests
License: Apache-2.0
Requires: charset_normalizer, idna, urllib3, certifi
Author: Kenneth Reitz <me@kennethreitz.org>
Home page: https://requests.readthedocs.io

Apache License
                           Version 2.0, January 2004
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/

   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

   1. Definitions.

      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.

      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
      exercising permissions granted by this License.

      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation
      source, and configuration files.

      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
      and conversions to other media types.

      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.

   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
      as of the date such litigation is filed.

   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
      meet the following conditions:

      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
          stating that You changed the files; and

      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
          the Derivative Works; and

      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
          as modifying the License.

      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
      the conditions stated in this License.

   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

----------------------------------------

Package: six
License: MIT
Requires: n/a
Author: Benjamin Peterson <benjamin@python.org>
Home page: https://github.com/benjaminp/six

Copyright (c) 2010-2024 Benjamin Peterson

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

----------------------------------------

Package: tzlocal
License: MIT
Requires: n/a
Author: (unknown) <Lennart Regebro <regebro@gmail.com>>
Home page: None

Copyright 2011-2017 Lennart Regebro

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

----------------------------------------

Package: urllib3
License: MIT
Requires: n/a
Author: (unknown) <Andrey Petrov <andrey.petrov@shazow.net>>
Home page: None

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2008-2020 Andrey Petrov and contributors.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

----------------------------------------

Package: urwid
License: LGPL-2.1
Requires: wcwidth
Author: (unknown) <Ian Ward <ian@excess.org>>
Home page: https://urwid.org/

GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
		       Version 2.1, February 1999

 Copyright (C) 1991, 1999 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

[This is the first released version of the Lesser GPL.  It also counts
 as the successor of the GNU Library Public License, version 2, hence
 the version number 2.1.]

			    Preamble

  The licenses for most software are designed to take away your
freedom to share and change it.  By contrast, the GNU General Public
Licenses are intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change
free software--to make sure the software is free for all its users.

  This license, the Lesser General Public License, applies to some
specially designated software packages--typically libraries--of the
Free Software Foundation and other authors who decide to use it.  You
can use it too, but we suggest you first think carefully about whether
this license or the ordinary General Public License is the better
strategy to use in any particular case, based on the explanations below.

  When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom of use,
not price.  Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that
you have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge
for this service if you wish); that you receive source code or can get
it if you want it; that you can change the software and use pieces of
it in new free programs; and that you are informed that you can do
these things.

  To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid
distributors to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender these
rights.  These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for
you if you distribute copies of the library or if you modify it.

  For example, if you distribute copies of the library, whether gratis
or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that we gave
you.  You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the source
code.  If you link other code with the library, you must provide
complete object files to the recipients, so that they can relink them
with the library after making changes to the library and recompiling
it.  And you must show them these terms so they know their rights.

  We protect your rights with a two-step method: (1) we copyright the
library, and (2) we offer you this license, which gives you legal
permission to copy, distribute and/or modify the library.

  To protect each distributor, we want to make it very clear that
there is no warranty for the free library.  Also, if the library is
modified by someone else and passed on, the recipients should know
that what they have is not the original version, so that the original
author's reputation will not be affected by problems that might be
introduced by others.

  Finally, software patents pose a constant threat to the existence of
any free program.  We wish to make sure that a company cannot
effectively restrict the users of a free program by obtaining a
restrictive license from a patent holder.  Therefore, we insist that
any patent license obtained for a version of the library must be
consistent with the full freedom of use specified in this license.

  Most GNU software, including some libraries, is covered by the
ordinary GNU General Public License.  This license, the GNU Lesser
General Public License, applies to certain designated libraries, and
is quite different from the ordinary General Public License.  We use
this license for certain libraries in order to permit linking those
libraries into non-free programs.

  When a program is linked with a library, whether statically or using
a shared library, the combination of the two is legally speaking a
combined work, a derivative of the original library.  The ordinary
General Public License therefore permits such linking only if the
entire combination fits its criteria of freedom.  The Lesser General
Public License permits more lax criteria for linking other code with
the library.

  We call this license the "Lesser" General Public License because it
does Less to protect the user's freedom than the ordinary General
Public License.  It also provides other free software developers Less
of an advantage over competing non-free programs.  These disadvantages
are the reason we use the ordinary General Public License for many
libraries.  However, the Lesser license provides advantages in certain
special circumstances.

  For example, on rare occasions, there may be a special need to
encourage the widest possible use of a certain library, so that it becomes
a de-facto standard.  To achieve this, non-free programs must be
allowed to use the library.  A more frequent case is that a free
library does the same job as widely used non-free libraries.  In this
case, there is little to gain by limiting the free library to free
software only, so we use the Lesser General Public License.

  In other cases, permission to use a particular library in non-free
programs enables a greater number of people to use a large body of
free software.  For example, permission to use the GNU C Library in
non-free programs enables many more people to use the whole GNU
operating system, as well as its variant, the GNU/Linux operating
system.

  Although the Lesser General Public License is Less protective of the
users' freedom, it does ensure that the user of a program that is
linked with the Library has the freedom and the wherewithal to run
that program using a modified version of the Library.

  The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and
modification follow.  Pay close attention to the difference between a
"work based on the library" and a "work that uses the library".  The
former contains code derived from the library, whereas the latter must
be combined with the library in order to run.

		  GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

  0. This License Agreement applies to any software library or other
program which contains a notice placed by the copyright holder or
other authorized party saying it may be distributed under the terms of
this Lesser General Public License (also called "this License").
Each licensee is addressed as "you".

  A "library" means a collection of software functions and/or data
prepared so as to be conveniently linked with application programs
(which use some of those functions and data) to form executables.

  The "Library", below, refers to any such software library or work
which has been distributed under these terms.  A "work based on the
Library" means either the Library or any derivative work under
copyright law: that is to say, a work containing the Library or a
portion of it, either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated
straightforwardly into another language.  (Hereinafter, translation is
included without limitation in the term "modification".)

  "Source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work for
making modifications to it.  For a library, complete source code means
all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated
interface definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilation
and installation of the library.

  Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not
covered by this License; they are outside its scope.  The act of
running a program using the Library is not restricted, and output from
such a program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based
on the Library (independent of the use of the Library in a tool for
writing it).  Whether that is true depends on what the Library does
and what the program that uses the Library does.

  1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Library's
complete source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that
you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an
appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact
all the notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any
warranty; and distribute a copy of this License along with the
Library.

  You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy,
and you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a
fee.

  2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Library or any portion
of it, thus forming a work based on the Library, and copy and
distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1
above, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:

    a) The modified work must itself be a software library.

    b) You must cause the files modified to carry prominent notices
    stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.

    c) You must cause the whole of the work to be licensed at no
    charge to all third parties under the terms of this License.

    d) If a facility in the modified Library refers to a function or a
    table of data to be supplied by an application program that uses
    the facility, other than as an argument passed when the facility
    is invoked, then you must make a good faith effort to ensure that,
    in the event an application does not supply such function or
    table, the facility still operates, and performs whatever part of
    its purpose remains meaningful.

    (For example, a function in a library to compute square roots has
    a purpose that is entirely well-defined independent of the
    application.  Therefore, Subsection 2d requires that any
    application-supplied function or table used by this function must
    be optional: if the application does not supply it, the square
    root function must still compute square roots.)

These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole.  If
identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Library,
and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in
themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those
sections when you distribute them as separate works.  But when you
distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based
on the Library, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of
this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the
entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote
it.

Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest
your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to
exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or
collective works based on the Library.

In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Library
with the Library (or with a work based on the Library) on a volume of
a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under
the scope of this License.

  3. You may opt to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU General Public
License instead of this License to a given copy of the Library.  To do
this, you must alter all the notices that refer to this License, so
that they refer to the ordinary GNU General Public License, version 2,
instead of to this License.  (If a newer version than version 2 of the
ordinary GNU General Public License has appeared, then you can specify
that version instead if you wish.)  Do not make any other change in
these notices.

  Once this change is made in a given copy, it is irreversible for
that copy, so the ordinary GNU General Public License applies to all
subsequent copies and derivative works made from that copy.

  This option is useful when you wish to copy part of the code of
the Library into a program that is not a library.

  4. You may copy and distribute the Library (or a portion or
derivative of it, under Section 2) in object code or executable form
under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you accompany
it with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code, which
must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a
medium customarily used for software interchange.

  If distribution of object code is made by offering access to copy
from a designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the
source code from the same place satisfies the requirement to
distribute the source code, even though third parties are not
compelled to copy the source along with the object code.

  5. A program that contains no derivative of any portion of the
Library, but is designed to work with the Library by being compiled or
linked with it, is called a "work that uses the Library".  Such a
work, in isolation, is not a derivative work of the Library, and
therefore falls outside the scope of this License.

  However, linking a "work that uses the Library" with the Library
creates an executable that is a derivative of the Library (because it
contains portions of the Library), rather than a "work that uses the
library".  The executable is therefore covered by this License.
Section 6 states terms for distribution of such executables.

  When a "work that uses the Library" uses material from a header file
that is part of the Library, the object code for the work may be a
derivative work of the Library even though the source code is not.
Whether this is true is especially significant if the work can be
linked without the Library, or if the work is itself a library.  The
threshold for this to be true is not precisely defined by law.

  If such an object file uses only numerical parameters, data
structure layouts and accessors, and small macros and small inline
functions (ten lines or less in length), then the use of the object
file is unrestricted, regardless of whether it is legally a derivative
work.  (Executables containing this object code plus portions of the
Library will still fall under Section 6.)

  Otherwise, if the work is a derivative of the Library, you may
distribute the object code for the work under the terms of Section 6.
Any executables containing that work also fall under Section 6,
whether or not they are linked directly with the Library itself.

  6. As an exception to the Sections above, you may also combine or
link a "work that uses the Library" with the Library to produce a
work containing portions of the Library, and distribute that work
under terms of your choice, provided that the terms permit
modification of the work for the customer's own use and reverse
engineering for debugging such modifications.

  You must give prominent notice with each copy of the work that the
Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are covered by
this License.  You must supply a copy of this License.  If the work
during execution displays copyright notices, you must include the
copyright notice for the Library among them, as well as a reference
directing the user to the copy of this License.  Also, you must do one
of these things:

    a) Accompany the work with the complete corresponding
    machine-readable source code for the Library including whatever
    changes were used in the work (which must be distributed under
    Sections 1 and 2 above); and, if the work is an executable linked
    with the Library, with the complete machine-readable "work that
    uses the Library", as object code and/or source code, so that the
    user can modify the Library and then relink to produce a modified
    executable containing the modified Library.  (It is understood
    that the user who changes the contents of definitions files in the
    Library will not necessarily be able to recompile the application
    to use the modified definitions.)

    b) Use a suitable shared library mechanism for linking with the
    Library.  A suitable mechanism is one that (1) uses at run time a
    copy of the library already present on the user's computer system,
    rather than copying library functions into the executable, and (2)
    will operate properly with a modified version of the library, if
    the user installs one, as long as the modified version is
    interface-compatible with the version that the work was made with.

    c) Accompany the work with a written offer, valid for at
    least three years, to give the same user the materials
    specified in Subsection 6a, above, for a charge no more
    than the cost of performing this distribution.

    d) If distribution of the work is made by offering access to copy
    from a designated place, offer equivalent access to copy the above
    specified materials from the same place.

    e) Verify that the user has already received a copy of these
    materials or that you have already sent this user a copy.

  For an executable, the required form of the "work that uses the
Library" must include any data and utility programs needed for
reproducing the executable from it.  However, as a special exception,
the materials to be distributed need not include anything that is
normally distributed (in either source or binary form) with the major
components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the operating system on
which the executable runs, unless that component itself accompanies
the executable.

  It may happen that this requirement contradicts the license
restrictions of other proprietary libraries that do not normally
accompany the operating system.  Such a contradiction means you cannot
use both them and the Library together in an executable that you
distribute.

  7. You may place library facilities that are a work based on the
Library side-by-side in a single library together with other library
facilities not covered by this License, and distribute such a combined
library, provided that the separate distribution of the work based on
the Library and of the other library facilities is otherwise
permitted, and provided that you do these two things:

    a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work
    based on the Library, uncombined with any other library
    facilities.  This must be distributed under the terms of the
    Sections above.

    b) Give prominent notice with the combined library of the fact
    that part of it is a work based on the Library, and explaining
    where to find the accompanying uncombined form of the same work.

  8. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or distribute
the Library except as expressly provided under this License.  Any
attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or
distribute the Library is void, and will automatically terminate your
rights under this License.  However, parties who have received copies,
or rights, from you under this License will not have their licenses
terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.

  9. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not
signed it.  However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or
distribute the Library or its derivative works.  These actions are
prohibited by law if you do not accept this License.  Therefore, by
modifying or distributing the Library (or any work based on the
Library), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and
all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying
the Library or works based on it.

  10. Each time you redistribute the Library (or any work based on the
Library), the recipient automatically receives a license from the
original licensor to copy, distribute, link with or modify the Library
subject to these terms and conditions.  You may not impose any further
restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein.
You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties with
this License.

  11. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent
infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues),
conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or
otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not
excuse you from the conditions of this License.  If you cannot
distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this
License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you
may not distribute the Library at all.  For example, if a patent
license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Library by
all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then
the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to
refrain entirely from distribution of the Library.

If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under any
particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to apply,
and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other circumstances.

It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any
patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any
such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the
integrity of the free software distribution system which is
implemented by public license practices.  Many people have made
generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed
through that system in reliance on consistent application of that
system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing
to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot
impose that choice.

This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to
be a consequence of the rest of this License.

  12. If the distribution and/or use of the Library is restricted in
certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the
original copyright holder who places the Library under this License may add
an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those countries,
so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries not thus
excluded.  In such case, this License incorporates the limitation as if
written in the body of this License.

  13. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new
versions of the Lesser General Public License from time to time.
Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version,
but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.

Each version is given a distinguishing version number.  If the Library
specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and
"any later version", you have the option of following the terms and
conditions either of that version or of any later version published by
the Free Software Foundation.  If the Library does not specify a
license version number, you may choose any version ever published by
the Free Software Foundation.

  14. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Library into other free
programs whose distribution conditions are incompatible with these,
write to the author to ask for permission.  For software which is
copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation, write to the Free
Software Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this.  Our
decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the free status
of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing
and reuse of software generally.

			    NO WARRANTY

  15. BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO
WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR
OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE
LIBRARY IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME
THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

  16. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN
WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY
AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU
FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE
LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING
RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A
FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF
SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.

		     END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

           How to Apply These Terms to Your New Libraries

  If you develop a new library, and you want it to be of the greatest
possible use to the public, we recommend making it free software that
everyone can redistribute and change.  You can do so by permitting
redistribution under these terms (or, alternatively, under the terms of the
ordinary General Public License).

  To apply these terms, attach the following notices to the library.  It is
safest to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively
convey the exclusion of warranty; and each file should have at least the
"copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found.

    <one line to give the library's name and a brief idea of what it does.>
    Copyright (C) <year>  <name of author>

    This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
    modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
    License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
    version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

    This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
    Lesser General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
    License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
    Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA

Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.

You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or your
school, if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the library, if
necessary.  Here is a sample; alter the names:

  Yoyodyne, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the
  library `Frob' (a library for tweaking knobs) written by James Random Hacker.

  <signature of Ty Coon>, 1 April 1990
  Ty Coon, President of Vice

That's all there is to it!

----------------------------------------

Package: vdirsyncer
License: MIT
Requires: click, click-log, requests, aiohttp, aiostream
Author: (unknown) <Markus Unterwaditzer <markus@unterwaditzer.net>>
Home page: None

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html
  lang="en"
  
  data-color-mode="auto" data-light-theme="light" data-dark-theme="dark"
  data-a11y-animated-images="system" data-a11y-link-underlines="true"
  
  >




  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
  <link rel="dns-prefetch" href="https://github.githubassets.com">
  <link rel="dns-prefetch" href="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com">
  <link rel="dns-prefetch" href="https://github-cloud.s3.amazonaws.com">
  <link rel="dns-prefetch" href="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/">
  <link rel="preconnect" href="https://github.githubassets.com" crossorigin>
  <link rel="preconnect" href="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com">

  


  <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/light-2ff56e1b36116ee2.css" /><link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/light_high_contrast-f7f95d7633592089.css" /><link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark-2d1fe43dbc9adf1f.css" /><link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark_high_contrast-d530ee188d165539.css" /><link data-color-theme="light" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/light-2ff56e1b36116ee2.css" /><link data-color-theme="light_high_contrast" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/light_high_contrast-f7f95d7633592089.css" /><link data-color-theme="light_colorblind" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/light_colorblind-e4bbc49fc7b82570.css" /><link data-color-theme="light_colorblind_high_contrast" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/light_colorblind_high_contrast-cc3f126b45166b83.css" /><link data-color-theme="light_tritanopia" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/light_tritanopia-652ca611ea4e33fe.css" /><link data-color-theme="light_tritanopia_high_contrast" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/light_tritanopia_high_contrast-9e82d635cb6c3f49.css" /><link data-color-theme="dark" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark-2d1fe43dbc9adf1f.css" /><link data-color-theme="dark_high_contrast" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark_high_contrast-d530ee188d165539.css" /><link data-color-theme="dark_colorblind" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark_colorblind-3ad0ec21150df75b.css" /><link data-color-theme="dark_colorblind_high_contrast" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark_colorblind_high_contrast-5691ff467f71a3f6.css" /><link data-color-theme="dark_tritanopia" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark_tritanopia-abee7710893cd168.css" /><link data-color-theme="dark_tritanopia_high_contrast" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark_tritanopia_high_contrast-eafcf6cd46158360.css" /><link data-color-theme="dark_dimmed" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark_dimmed-c7974682a1a84c8d.css" /><link data-color-theme="dark_dimmed_high_contrast" crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" data-href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/dark_dimmed_high_contrast-f8dab3e04f94c501.css" />

  <style type="text/css">
    :root {
      --tab-size-preference: 4;
    }

    pre, code {
      tab-size: var(--tab-size-preference);
    }
  </style>

    <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-primitives-7f694b60439d06c0.css" />
    <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-b48faa60c69660fa.css" />
    <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/global-b40ec823a1a6a1af.css" />
    <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/github-f825c0edd7ad57f8.css" />
  <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/repository-0751f482f5210958.css" />
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/code-c22301b4e838281c.css" />

  

  <script type="application/json" id="client-env">{"locale":"en","featureFlags":["actions_custom_images_storage_billing_ui_visibility","actions_image_version_event","actions_workflow_language_service_allow_concurrency_queue","agent_conflict_resolution","alternate_user_config_repo","arianotify_comprehensive_migration","billing_discount_threshold_notification","code_scanning_dfa_degraded_experience_notice","codespaces_prebuild_region_target_update","codespaces_tab_react","coding_agent_model_selection","coding_agent_model_selection_all_skus","comment_viewer_copy_raw_markdown","contentful_primer_code_blocks","copilot_agent_snippy","copilot_api_agentic_issue_marshal_yaml","copilot_ask_mode_dropdown","copilot_automation_session_author","copilot_chat_attach_multiple_images","copilot_chat_category_rate_limit_messages","copilot_chat_clear_model_selection_for_default_change","copilot_chat_contextual_suggestions_updated","copilot_chat_enable_tool_call_logs","copilot_chat_file_redirect","copilot_chat_input_commands","copilot_chat_opening_thread_switch","copilot_chat_prettify_pasted_code","copilot_chat_reduce_quota_checks","copilot_chat_search_bar_redirect","copilot_chat_selection_attachments","copilot_chat_vision_in_claude","copilot_chat_vision_preview_gate","copilot_custom_copilots","copilot_custom_copilots_feature_preview","copilot_diff_explain_conversation_intent","copilot_diff_reference_context","copilot_duplicate_thread","copilot_extensions_hide_in_dotcom_chat","copilot_extensions_removal_on_marketplace","copilot_features_sql_server_logo","copilot_file_block_ref_matching","copilot_ftp_hyperspace_upgrade_prompt","copilot_icebreakers_experiment_dashboard","copilot_icebreakers_experiment_hyperspace","copilot_immersive_code_block_transition_wrap","copilot_immersive_embedded","copilot_immersive_embedded_deferred_payload","copilot_immersive_embedded_draggable","copilot_immersive_embedded_header_button","copilot_immersive_embedded_implicit_references","copilot_immersive_file_block_transition_open","copilot_immersive_file_preview_keep_mounted","copilot_immersive_job_result_preview","copilot_immersive_structured_model_picker","copilot_immersive_task_hyperlinking","copilot_immersive_task_within_chat_thread","copilot_mc_cli_resume_any_users_task","copilot_mission_control_always_send_integration_id","copilot_mission_control_cli_session_status","copilot_mission_control_initial_data_spinner","copilot_mission_control_logs_incremental","copilot_mission_control_task_alive_updates","copilot_org_policy_page_focus_mode","copilot_redirect_header_button_to_agents","copilot_resource_panel","copilot_scroll_preview_tabs","copilot_share_active_subthread","copilot_spaces_ga","copilot_spaces_individual_policies_ga","copilot_spaces_pagination","copilot_spark_empty_state","copilot_spark_handle_nil_friendly_name","copilot_swe_agent_hide_model_picker_if_only_auto","copilot_swe_agent_pr_comment_model_picker","copilot_swe_agent_use_subagents","copilot_task_api_github_rest_style","copilot_unconfigured_is_inherited","copilot_upgrade_freeze","copilot_usage_metrics_ga","copilot_workbench_slim_line_top_tabs","custom_instructions_file_references","dashboard_indexeddb_caching","dashboard_lists_max_age_filter","dashboard_universe_2025_feedback_dialog","dotgithub_fork_warning","flex_cta_groups_mvp","global_nav_react","hyperspace_2025_logged_out_batch_1","hyperspace_2025_logged_out_batch_2","hyperspace_2025_logged_out_batch_3","ipm_global_transactional_message_agents","ipm_global_transactional_message_copilot","ipm_global_transactional_message_issues","ipm_global_transactional_message_prs","ipm_global_transactional_message_repos","ipm_global_transactional_message_spaces","issue_cca_modal_open","issue_cca_multi_assign_modal","issue_cca_task_side_panel","issue_cca_visualization","issue_cca_visualization_session_panel","issue_fields_global_search","issues_expanded_file_types","issues_lazy_load_comment_box_suggestions","issues_react_chrome_container_query_fix","issues_search_type_gql","landing_pages_ninetailed","landing_pages_web_vitals_tracking","lifecycle_label_name_updates","low_quality_classifier","marketing_pages_search_explore_provider","memex_default_issue_create_repository","memex_live_update_hovercard","memex_mwl_filter_field_delimiter","memex_remove_deprecated_type_issue","merge_status_header_feedback","notifications_menu_defer_labels","oauth_authorize_clickjacking_protection","octocaptcha_origin_optimization","prs_conversations_react","prs_css_anchor_positioning","rules_insights_filter_bar_created","sample_network_conn_type","secret_scanning_pattern_alerts_link","security_center_artifact_filters_popover","session_logs_ungroup_reasoning_text","site_features_copilot_universe","site_homepage_collaborate_video","spark_prompt_secret_scanning","spark_server_connection_status","suppress_automated_browser_vitals","ui_skip_on_anchor_click","viewscreen_sandbox","warn_inaccessible_attachments","webp_support","workbench_store_readonly"],"copilotApiOverrideUrl":"https://api.githubcopilot.com"}</script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/high-contrast-cookie-218067197ba03c91.js"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/wp-runtime-3875d7670bb3f3b5.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/fetch-utilities-3140609b5732710f.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/28839-7adfdde5afeb1a03.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/85924-ac5602ef611dc506.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/34646-4c7883eb242d5210.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/environment-a12df3cf35884818.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/runtime-helpers-cb4dfbc9d23f30be.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/2966-d68f2b4558d86113.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/96232-540ff5f81016a9ca.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/41013-647932573fc130af.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/51210-45dfb7dd106f6b96.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/64247-73a9861fe185671f.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/81683-382ccc88e034ea1d.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/9338-f6bee5a8d66d930f.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/46740-5a373320e5ef9c01.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/67466-79abcbf599986a00.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/github-elements-61af8f0198be4afd.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/element-registry-41adcc85f60f3b4b.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/react-core-f502f65d782502b3.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/react-lib-1353f2cef82bcdc0.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/58889-5b136bc717e57a8b.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/79039-69acf717ffc901a4.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/61110-073153e0413daf3a.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/2887-91b9c645d570616a.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/26533-f22c29ae5e9b1ed2.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/86483-c3a819d46503a3da.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/37460-fcd4830a1194eace.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/60481-24b13ea726837f7b.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/46287-853bfcb69bb5b3f9.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/2498-f0375ed070e22e54.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/61025-5b1312da907b4074.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/89627-40275597692dc855.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/79087-4f706db8aa2ec0fb.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/49029-42bd0899fca05960.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/99328-a2c6b180d25cb160.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/behaviors-05170beef7088f93.js" defer="defer"></script>
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/react-core.58063f76e203853d.module.css" />
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/4244-97fb660009234136.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/notifications-global-442a23b66c306470.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/39373-075d662e5ab13538.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/code-menu-ad3e18f5935a3ed8.js" defer="defer"></script>
  
  <script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-react-ed05dc3d91bca0bd.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/octicons-react-60e727d7a1b6f52c.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/26175-f03ec9ebf800f925.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/37869-3811d0fa923a406d.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/68751-830b37204cdf7847.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/7463-30e02617b93e1c07.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/15272-0fca7ba11b03440f.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/32769-abc9916acf2cd4f1.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/36505-9798da05fe2143ec.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/46148-264173ef30e2e838.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/57712-831326500b842c0e.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/61545-6a3a31f92bb5e61a.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/20999-9b5648501d55c42d.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/98228-7a59d90d972526cc.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/63991-466700d8cea41498.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/59852-fc77b3df0a08d405.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/3624-b3e2357fda2101a2.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/66231-a2e789b56df018f7.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/71001-7431ccad12c501aa.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/33684-bbaee6839ab84dd8.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/18222-8b85d637a2041072.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/96755-770967b1236437cd.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/4916-0bb8c44ba1b3d0f7.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/75674-28ffd7157e7cb9e8.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/75601-d9eafa1fbbb5172b.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/8987-366fbcea269300af.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/41371-cf8b083f97b1e3cd.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/38184-1e8a3a630d385487.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/2231-845cd703452e2e93.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/41110-df3d2329c8277a27.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/88466-de2082408a4d301e.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/81587-bc07bc51c3c473ba.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/58085-77d3143b51231967.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/85146-e5757349b818963b.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/50110-0f4d902364ca3e5b.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/26497-005fb7ee8ecc7bb7.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/49135-83e58d929426d4a6.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/71920-723318c28b0f8f3a.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/code-view-e6b0130ddccd115e.js" defer="defer"></script>
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-react-css.00ba154d21e54e53.module.css" />
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/code-view.4278d8e251827456.module.css" />

  <script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/70234-1ee48b3a4eebdc7d.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/88041-84298a1fc336a8cb.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/notifications-subscriptions-menu-8099506844b1f494.js" defer="defer"></script>
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-react-css.00ba154d21e54e53.module.css" />
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/notifications-subscriptions-menu.1d4ba527bc20385c.module.css" />


  <title>vdirsyncer/LICENSE at c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459 · pimutils/vdirsyncer · GitHub</title>



  <meta name="route-pattern" content="/:user_id/:repository/blob/*name(/*path)" data-turbo-transient>
  <meta name="route-controller" content="blob" data-turbo-transient>
  <meta name="route-action" content="show" data-turbo-transient>
  <meta name="fetch-nonce" content="v2:94d45e44-4884-d20f-d516-bb8ba6ce75fb">

    
  <meta name="current-catalog-service-hash" content="f3abb0cc802f3d7b95fc8762b94bdcb13bf39634c40c357301c4aa1d67a256fb">


  <meta name="request-id" content="A01B:2D4410:D426449:D80087B:69F75CEC" data-pjax-transient="true"/><meta name="html-safe-nonce" content="b58d33809b7fa170a247e3e889e94eeed9a07f1d0d175a016abd2c362c0f8789" data-pjax-transient="true"/><meta name="visitor-payload" content="eyJyZWZlcnJlciI6IiIsInJlcXVlc3RfaWQiOiJBMDFCOjJENDQxMDpENDI2NDQ5OkQ4MDA4N0I6NjlGNzVDRUMiLCJ2aXNpdG9yX2lkIjoiMzc4NjYzNTYzNjAwNTg4NzIxMiIsInJlZ2lvbl9lZGdlIjoic2VhIiwicmVnaW9uX3JlbmRlciI6InNlYSJ9" data-pjax-transient="true"/><meta name="visitor-hmac" content="67b67e504d6641702a38e1916a610210398724c7d7aa2e81371a0d4e19701f4d" data-pjax-transient="true"/>


    <meta name="hovercard-subject-tag" content="repository:16865424" data-turbo-transient>


  <meta name="github-keyboard-shortcuts" content="repository,source-code,file-tree,copilot" data-turbo-transient="true" />
  

  <meta name="selected-link" value="repo_source" data-turbo-transient>
  <link rel="assets" href="https://github.githubassets.com/">

    <meta name="google-site-verification" content="Apib7-x98H0j5cPqHWwSMm6dNU4GmODRoqxLiDzdx9I">

<meta name="octolytics-url" content="https://collector.github.com/github/collect" />





  <meta name="analytics-location" content="/&lt;user-name&gt;/&lt;repo-name&gt;/blob/show" data-turbo-transient="true" />

  




    <meta name="user-login" content="">

  

    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width">

    

      <meta name="description" content="📇 Synchronize calendars and contacts. Contribute to pimutils/vdirsyncer development by creating an account on GitHub.">

      <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml" href="/opensearch.xml" title="GitHub">

    <link rel="fluid-icon" href="https://github.com/fluidicon.png" title="GitHub">
    <meta property="fb:app_id" content="1401488693436528">
    <meta name="apple-itunes-app" content="app-id=1477376905, app-argument=https://github.com/pimutils/vdirsyncer/blob/c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459/LICENSE" />

      <meta name="twitter:image" content="https://opengraph.githubassets.com/6c37ce3db790fc450e7efb0ff7a83443cebac75a4555e971a1d7b58f7caf2b6e/pimutils/vdirsyncer" /><meta name="twitter:site" content="@github" /><meta name="twitter:card" content="summary_large_image" /><meta name="twitter:title" content="vdirsyncer/LICENSE at c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459 · pimutils/vdirsyncer" /><meta name="twitter:description" content="📇 Synchronize calendars and contacts. Contribute to pimutils/vdirsyncer development by creating an account on GitHub." />
  <meta property="og:image" content="https://opengraph.githubassets.com/6c37ce3db790fc450e7efb0ff7a83443cebac75a4555e971a1d7b58f7caf2b6e/pimutils/vdirsyncer" /><meta property="og:image:alt" content="📇 Synchronize calendars and contacts. Contribute to pimutils/vdirsyncer development by creating an account on GitHub." /><meta property="og:image:width" content="1200" /><meta property="og:image:height" content="600" /><meta property="og:site_name" content="GitHub" /><meta property="og:type" content="object" /><meta property="og:title" content="vdirsyncer/LICENSE at c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459 · pimutils/vdirsyncer" /><meta property="og:url" content="https://github.com/pimutils/vdirsyncer/blob/c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459/LICENSE" /><meta property="og:description" content="📇 Synchronize calendars and contacts. Contribute to pimutils/vdirsyncer development by creating an account on GitHub." />
  




      <meta name="hostname" content="github.com">



        <meta name="expected-hostname" content="github.com">


  <meta http-equiv="x-pjax-version" content="892f9bf170e8906395414b3d5dc8e78798bb0660d39cf4284b5700a4fc62fc96" data-turbo-track="reload">
  <meta http-equiv="x-pjax-csp-version" content="568c098497d98702bac1642a2a853732a047a6ced28eabd3e15d50041a890235" data-turbo-track="reload">
  <meta http-equiv="x-pjax-css-version" content="87721d1504a187fb3fcbfa6e98526d058edf6fa1163680dbb36bf70525df6ac4" data-turbo-track="reload">
  <meta http-equiv="x-pjax-js-version" content="0ea8bdf164c471f201263ff8f0b6109e1c835fd91a019be22e6ef28d744481a4" data-turbo-track="reload">

  <meta name="turbo-cache-control" content="no-preview" data-turbo-transient="">

      <meta name="turbo-cache-control" content="no-cache" data-turbo-transient>

    <meta data-hydrostats="publish">

  <meta name="go-import" content="github.com/pimutils/vdirsyncer git https://github.com/pimutils/vdirsyncer.git">

  <meta name="octolytics-dimension-user_id" content="17852924" /><meta name="octolytics-dimension-user_login" content="pimutils" /><meta name="octolytics-dimension-repository_id" content="16865424" /><meta name="octolytics-dimension-repository_nwo" content="pimutils/vdirsyncer" /><meta name="octolytics-dimension-repository_public" content="true" /><meta name="octolytics-dimension-repository_is_fork" content="false" /><meta name="octolytics-dimension-repository_network_root_id" content="16865424" /><meta name="octolytics-dimension-repository_network_root_nwo" content="pimutils/vdirsyncer" />
  



    

    <meta name="turbo-body-classes" content="logged-out env-production page-responsive">
  <meta name="disable-turbo" content="false">


  <meta name="browser-stats-url" content="https://api.github.com/_private/browser/stats">

  <meta name="browser-errors-url" content="https://api.github.com/_private/browser/errors">

  <meta name="release" content="769c182f4f3fd033561899e47793493ed57e7ac2">
  <meta name="ui-target" content="full">

  <link rel="mask-icon" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/pinned-octocat-093da3e6fa40.svg" color="#000000">
  <link rel="alternate icon" class="js-site-favicon" type="image/png" href="https://github.githubassets.com/favicons/favicon.png">
  <link rel="icon" class="js-site-favicon" type="image/svg+xml" href="https://github.githubassets.com/favicons/favicon.svg" data-base-href="https://github.githubassets.com/favicons/favicon">

<meta name="theme-color" content="#1e2327">
<meta name="color-scheme" content="light dark" />


  <link rel="manifest" href="/manifest.json" crossOrigin="use-credentials">

  </head>

  <body class="logged-out env-production page-responsive" style="word-wrap: break-word;" >
    <div data-turbo-body class="logged-out env-production page-responsive" style="word-wrap: break-word;" >
      <div id="__primerPortalRoot__" role="region" style="z-index: 1000; position: absolute; width: 100%;" data-turbo-permanent></div>
      

    <div class="position-relative header-wrapper js-header-wrapper ">
      <a href="#start-of-content" data-skip-target-assigned="false" class="px-2 tmp-py-4 color-bg-accent-emphasis color-fg-on-emphasis show-on-focus js-skip-to-content">Skip to content</a>

      <span data-view-component="true" class="progress-pjax-loader Progress position-fixed width-full">
    <span style="width: 0%;" data-view-component="true" class="Progress-item progress-pjax-loader-bar left-0 top-0 color-bg-accent-emphasis"></span>
</span>      
      
      <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-react-css.00ba154d21e54e53.module.css" />
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/keyboard-shortcuts-dialog.4ec51dca433f1103.module.css" />

<react-partial
  partial-name="keyboard-shortcuts-dialog"
  data-ssr="false"
  data-attempted-ssr="false"
  data-react-profiling="false"
>
  
  <script type="application/json" data-target="react-partial.embeddedData">{"props":{"docsUrl":"https://docs.github.com/get-started/accessibility/keyboard-shortcuts"}}</script>
  <div data-target="react-partial.reactRoot"></div>
</react-partial>





      

          

              
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/46752-7bd8967216f7ea42.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/90350-89ca7e5359af8f77.js" defer="defer"></script>
<script crossorigin="anonymous" type="application/javascript" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/sessions-e0da6ce03532723c.js" defer="defer"></script>

<style>
  /* Override primer focus outline color for marketing header dropdown links for better contrast */
  [data-color-mode="light"] .HeaderMenu-dropdown-link:focus-visible,
  [data-color-mode="light"] .HeaderMenu-trailing-link a:focus-visible {
    outline-color: var(--color-accent-fg);
  }
</style>

<header class="HeaderMktg header-logged-out js-details-container js-header Details f4 tmp-py-3" role="banner" data-is-top="true" data-color-mode=auto data-light-theme=light data-dark-theme=dark>
  <h2 class="sr-only">Navigation Menu</h2>

  <button type="button" class="HeaderMktg-backdrop d-lg-none border-0 position-fixed top-0 left-0 width-full height-full js-details-target" aria-label="Toggle navigation">
    <span class="d-none">Toggle navigation</span>
  </button>

  <div class="d-flex flex-column flex-lg-row flex-items-center tmp-px-3 tmp-px-md-4 tmp-px-lg-5 height-full position-relative z-1">
    <div class="d-flex flex-justify-between flex-items-center width-full width-lg-auto">
      <div class="flex-1">
        <button aria-label="Toggle navigation" aria-expanded="false" type="button" data-view-component="true" class="js-details-target js-nav-padding-recalculate js-header-menu-toggle Button--link Button--medium Button d-lg-none color-fg-inherit p-1 tmp-p-1">  <span class="Button-content">
    <span class="Button-label"><div class="HeaderMenu-toggle-bar rounded my-1"></div>
            <div class="HeaderMenu-toggle-bar rounded my-1"></div>
            <div class="HeaderMenu-toggle-bar rounded my-1"></div></span>
  </span>
</button>
      </div>

      <a class="tmp-mr-lg-3 color-fg-inherit flex-order-2 js-prevent-focus-on-mobile-nav"
        href="/"
        aria-label="Homepage"
        data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Marketing nav&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;click to go to homepage&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;ref_page:Marketing;ref_cta:Logomark;ref_loc:Header&quot;}">
        <svg height="32" aria-hidden="true" viewBox="0 0 24 24" version="1.1" width="32" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-mark-github">
    <path d="M10.226 17.284c-2.965-.36-5.054-2.493-5.054-5.256 0-1.123.404-2.336 1.078-3.144-.292-.741-.247-2.314.09-2.965.898-.112 2.111.36 2.83 1.01.853-.269 1.752-.404 2.853-.404 1.1 0 1.999.135 2.807.382.696-.629 1.932-1.1 2.83-.988.315.606.36 2.179.067 2.942.72.854 1.101 2 1.101 3.167 0 2.763-2.089 4.852-5.098 5.234.763.494 1.28 1.572 1.28 2.807v2.336c0 .674.561 1.056 1.235.786 4.066-1.55 7.255-5.615 7.255-10.646C23.5 6.188 18.334 1 11.978 1 5.62 1 .5 6.188.5 12.545c0 4.986 3.167 9.12 7.435 10.669.606.225 1.19-.18 1.19-.786V20.63a2.9 2.9 0 0 1-1.078.224c-1.483 0-2.359-.808-2.987-2.313-.247-.607-.517-.966-1.034-1.033-.27-.023-.359-.135-.359-.27 0-.27.45-.471.898-.471.652 0 1.213.404 1.797 1.235.45.651.921.943 1.483.943.561 0 .92-.202 1.437-.719.382-.381.674-.718.944-.943"></path>
</svg>
      </a>

      <div class="d-flex flex-1 flex-order-2 text-right d-lg-none gap-2 flex-justify-end">
          <a
            href="/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fpimutils%2Fvdirsyncer%2Fblob%2Fc3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459%2FLICENSE"
            class="HeaderMenu-link HeaderMenu-button d-inline-flex f5 no-underline border color-border-default rounded-2 px-2 py-1 color-fg-inherit js-prevent-focus-on-mobile-nav"
            data-hydro-click="{&quot;event_type&quot;:&quot;authentication.click&quot;,&quot;payload&quot;:{&quot;location_in_page&quot;:&quot;site header menu&quot;,&quot;repository_id&quot;:null,&quot;auth_type&quot;:&quot;SIGN_UP&quot;,&quot;originating_url&quot;:&quot;https://github.com/pimutils/vdirsyncer/blob/c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459/LICENSE&quot;,&quot;user_id&quot;:null}}" data-hydro-click-hmac="b31a9ad818f82ab27204f2d6273a15261bcf73b18c216d8679919e16965f37a9"
            data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Marketing nav&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;click to Sign in&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;ref_page:Marketing;ref_cta:Sign in;ref_loc:Header&quot;}"
          >
            Sign in
          </a>
              <div class="AppHeader-appearanceSettings">
    <react-partial-anchor>
      <button data-target="react-partial-anchor.anchor" id="icon-button-111b84ae-89c5-467d-967a-f1a5872e10bc" aria-labelledby="tooltip-0ee6a914-3e7d-4781-a8f7-a83a763d93a0" type="button" disabled="disabled" data-view-component="true" class="Button Button--iconOnly Button--invisible Button--medium AppHeader-button HeaderMenu-link border cursor-wait">  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-sliders Button-visual">
    <path d="M15 2.75a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75h-4a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h4a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75Zm-8.5.75v1.25a.75.75 0 0 0 1.5 0v-4a.75.75 0 0 0-1.5 0V2H1.75a.75.75 0 0 0 0 1.5H6.5Zm1.25 5.25a.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5h-6a.75.75 0 0 0 0 1.5h6ZM15 8a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75H11.5V10a.75.75 0 1 1-1.5 0V6a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v1.25h2.75A.75.75 0 0 1 15 8Zm-9 5.25v-2a.75.75 0 0 0-1.5 0v1.25H1.75a.75.75 0 0 0 0 1.5H4.5v1.25a.75.75 0 0 0 1.5 0v-2Zm9 0a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75h-6a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h6a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75Z"></path>
</svg>
</button><tool-tip id="tooltip-0ee6a914-3e7d-4781-a8f7-a83a763d93a0" for="icon-button-111b84ae-89c5-467d-967a-f1a5872e10bc" popover="manual" data-direction="s" data-type="label" data-view-component="true" class="sr-only position-absolute">Appearance settings</tool-tip>

      <template data-target="react-partial-anchor.template">
        <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-react-css.00ba154d21e54e53.module.css" />
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/appearance-settings.202aedbb190e067b.module.css" />

<react-partial
  partial-name="appearance-settings"
  data-ssr="false"
  data-attempted-ssr="false"
  data-react-profiling="false"
>
  
  <script type="application/json" data-target="react-partial.embeddedData">{"props":{}}</script>
  <div data-target="react-partial.reactRoot"></div>
</react-partial>


      </template>
    </react-partial-anchor>
  </div>

      </div>
    </div>


    <div class="HeaderMenu js-header-menu height-fit position-lg-relative d-lg-flex flex-column flex-auto top-0">
      <div class="HeaderMenu-wrapper d-flex flex-column flex-self-start flex-lg-row flex-auto rounded rounded-lg-0">
            <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-react-css.00ba154d21e54e53.module.css" />
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/marketing-navigation.09746fd4440cd1dd.module.css" />

<react-partial
  partial-name="marketing-navigation"
  data-ssr="true"
  data-attempted-ssr="true"
  data-react-profiling="false"
>
  
  <script type="application/json" data-target="react-partial.embeddedData">{"props":{"should_use_dotcom_links":true}}</script>
  <div data-target="react-partial.reactRoot"><nav class="MarketingNavigation-module__nav__W0KYY" aria-label="Global"><ul class="MarketingNavigation-module__list__tFbMb"><li><div class="NavDropdown-module__container__l2YeI js-details-container js-header-menu-item"><button type="button" class="NavDropdown-module__button__PEHWX js-details-target" aria-expanded="false">Platform<svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavDropdown-module__buttonIcon__Tkl8_" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></button><div class="NavDropdown-module__dropdown__xm1jd"><ul class="NavDropdown-module__list__zuCgG"><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">AI CODE CREATION</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/features/copilot" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;github_copilot&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;github_copilot_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-copilot NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M23.922 16.992c-.861 1.495-5.859 5.023-11.922 5.023-6.063 0-11.061-3.528-11.922-5.023A.641.641 0 0 1 0 16.736v-2.869a.841.841 0 0 1 .053-.22c.372-.935 1.347-2.292 2.605-2.656.167-.429.414-1.055.644-1.517a10.195 10.195 0 0 1-.052-1.086c0-1.331.282-2.499 1.132-3.368.397-.406.89-.717 1.474-.952 1.399-1.136 3.392-2.093 6.122-2.093 2.731 0 4.767.957 6.166 2.093.584.235 1.077.546 1.474.952.85.869 1.132 2.037 1.132 3.368 0 .368-.014.733-.052 1.086.23.462.477 1.088.644 1.517 1.258.364 2.233 1.721 2.605 2.656a.832.832 0 0 1 .053.22v2.869a.641.641 0 0 1-.078.256ZM12.172 11h-.344a4.323 4.323 0 0 1-.355.508C10.703 12.455 9.555 13 7.965 13c-1.725 0-2.989-.359-3.782-1.259a2.005 2.005 0 0 1-.085-.104L4 11.741v6.585c1.435.779 4.514 2.179 8 2.179 3.486 0 6.565-1.4 8-2.179v-6.585l-.098-.104s-.033.045-.085.104c-.793.9-2.057 1.259-3.782 1.259-1.59 0-2.738-.545-3.508-1.492a4.323 4.323 0 0 1-.355-.508h-.016.016Zm.641-2.935c.136 1.057.403 1.913.878 2.497.442.544 1.134.938 2.344.938 1.573 0 2.292-.337 2.657-.751.384-.435.558-1.15.558-2.361 0-1.14-.243-1.847-.705-2.319-.477-.488-1.319-.862-2.824-1.025-1.487-.161-2.192.138-2.533.529-.269.307-.437.808-.438 1.578v.021c0 .265.021.562.063.893Zm-1.626 0c.042-.331.063-.628.063-.894v-.02c-.001-.77-.169-1.271-.438-1.578-.341-.391-1.046-.69-2.533-.529-1.505.163-2.347.537-2.824 1.025-.462.472-.705 1.179-.705 2.319 0 1.211.175 1.926.558 2.361.365.414 1.084.751 2.657.751 1.21 0 1.902-.394 2.344-.938.475-.584.742-1.44.878-2.497Z"></path><path d="M14.5 14.25a1 1 0 0 1 1 1v2a1 1 0 0 1-2 0v-2a1 1 0 0 1 1-1Zm-5 0a1 1 0 0 1 1 1v2a1 1 0 0 1-2 0v-2a1 1 0 0 1 1-1Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">GitHub Copilot</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Write better code with AI</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/features/spark" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;github_spark&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;github_spark_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-sparkle-fill NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M11.296 1.924c.24-.656 1.168-.656 1.408 0l.717 1.958a11.25 11.25 0 0 0 6.697 6.697l1.958.717c.657.24.657 1.168 0 1.408l-1.958.717a11.25 11.25 0 0 0-6.697 6.697l-.717 1.958c-.24.657-1.168.657-1.408 0l-.717-1.958a11.25 11.25 0 0 0-6.697-6.697l-1.958-.717c-.656-.24-.656-1.168 0-1.408l1.958-.717a11.25 11.25 0 0 0 6.697-6.697l.717-1.958Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">GitHub Spark</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Build and deploy intelligent apps</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/features/models" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;github_models&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;github_models_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-ai-model NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M19.375 8.5a3.25 3.25 0 1 1-3.163 4h-3a3.252 3.252 0 0 1-4.443 2.509L7.214 17.76a3.25 3.25 0 1 1-1.342-.674l1.672-2.957A3.238 3.238 0 0 1 6.75 12c0-.907.371-1.727.97-2.316L6.117 6.846A3.253 3.253 0 0 1 1.875 3.75a3.25 3.25 0 1 1 5.526 2.32l1.603 2.836A3.25 3.25 0 0 1 13.093 11h3.119a3.252 3.252 0 0 1 3.163-2.5ZM10 10.25a1.75 1.75 0 1 0-.001 3.499A1.75 1.75 0 0 0 10 10.25ZM5.125 2a1.75 1.75 0 1 0 0 3.5 1.75 1.75 0 0 0 0-3.5Zm12.5 9.75a1.75 1.75 0 1 0 3.5 0 1.75 1.75 0 0 0-3.5 0Zm-14.25 8.5a1.75 1.75 0 1 0 3.501-.001 1.75 1.75 0 0 0-3.501.001Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">GitHub Models</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Manage and compare prompts</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/mcp" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;mcp_registry&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;mcp_registry_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-mcp NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M9.795 1.694a4.287 4.287 0 0 1 6.061 0 4.28 4.28 0 0 1 1.181 3.819 4.282 4.282 0 0 1 3.819 1.181 4.287 4.287 0 0 1 0 6.061l-6.793 6.793a.249.249 0 0 0 0 .353l2.617 2.618a.75.75 0 1 1-1.061 1.061l-2.617-2.618a1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0-2.475l6.793-6.793a2.785 2.785 0 1 0-3.939-3.939l-5.9 5.9a.734.734 0 0 1-.249.165.749.749 0 0 1-.812-1.225l5.9-5.901a2.785 2.785 0 1 0-3.939-3.939L2.931 10.68A.75.75 0 1 1 1.87 9.619l7.925-7.925Z"></path><path d="M12.42 4.069a.752.752 0 0 1 1.061 0 .752.752 0 0 1 0 1.061L7.33 11.28a2.788 2.788 0 0 0 0 3.94 2.788 2.788 0 0 0 3.94 0l6.15-6.151a.752.752 0 0 1 1.061 0 .752.752 0 0 1 0 1.061l-6.151 6.15a4.285 4.285 0 1 1-6.06-6.06l6.15-6.151Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">MCP Registry<sup class="NavLink-module__label__bil7n">New</sup></span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Integrate external tools</span></div></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">DEVELOPER WORKFLOWS</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/features/actions" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;actions&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;actions_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-workflow NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M1 3a2 2 0 0 1 2-2h6.5a2 2 0 0 1 2 2v6.5a2 2 0 0 1-2 2H7v4.063C7 16.355 7.644 17 8.438 17H12.5v-2.5a2 2 0 0 1 2-2H21a2 2 0 0 1 2 2V21a2 2 0 0 1-2 2h-6.5a2 2 0 0 1-2-2v-2.5H8.437A2.939 2.939 0 0 1 5.5 15.562V11.5H3a2 2 0 0 1-2-2Zm2-.5a.5.5 0 0 0-.5.5v6.5a.5.5 0 0 0 .5.5h6.5a.5.5 0 0 0 .5-.5V3a.5.5 0 0 0-.5-.5ZM14.5 14a.5.5 0 0 0-.5.5V21a.5.5 0 0 0 .5.5H21a.5.5 0 0 0 .5-.5v-6.5a.5.5 0 0 0-.5-.5Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Actions</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Automate any workflow</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/features/codespaces" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;codespaces&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;codespaces_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-codespaces NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.5 3.75C3.5 2.784 4.284 2 5.25 2h13.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 18.75 13H5.25a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.75-1.75Zm-2 12c0-.966.784-1.75 1.75-1.75h17.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v4a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.75 1.75H3.25a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.75-1.75ZM5.25 3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h13.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-7.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Zm-2 12a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v4c0 .138.112.25.25.25h17.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-4a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path><path d="M10 17.75a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75h6.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-6.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.75-.75Zm-4 0a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.75-.75Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Codespaces</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Instant dev environments</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/features/issues" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;issues&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;issues_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-issue-opened NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M12 1c6.075 0 11 4.925 11 11s-4.925 11-11 11S1 18.075 1 12 5.925 1 12 1ZM2.5 12a9.5 9.5 0 0 0 9.5 9.5 9.5 9.5 0 0 0 9.5-9.5A9.5 9.5 0 0 0 12 2.5 9.5 9.5 0 0 0 2.5 12Zm9.5 2a2 2 0 1 1-.001-3.999A2 2 0 0 1 12 14Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Issues</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Plan and track work</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/features/code-review" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;code_review&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;code_review_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-code NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M15.22 4.97a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l6.5 6.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-6.5 6.5a.749.749 0 0 1-1.275-.326.749.749 0 0 1 .215-.734L21.19 12l-5.97-5.97a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Zm-6.44 0a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06L2.81 12l5.97 5.97a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215l-6.5-6.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06l6.5-6.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Code Review</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Manage code changes</span></div></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">APPLICATION SECURITY</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/security/advanced-security" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;github_advanced_security&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;github_advanced_security_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-shield-check NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M16.53 9.78a.75.75 0 0 0-1.06-1.06L11 13.19l-1.97-1.97a.75.75 0 0 0-1.06 1.06l2.5 2.5a.75.75 0 0 0 1.06 0l5-5Z"></path><path d="m12.54.637 8.25 2.675A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 22 4.976V10c0 6.19-3.771 10.704-9.401 12.83a1.704 1.704 0 0 1-1.198 0C5.77 20.705 2 16.19 2 10V4.976c0-.758.489-1.43 1.21-1.664L11.46.637a1.748 1.748 0 0 1 1.08 0Zm-.617 1.426-8.25 2.676a.249.249 0 0 0-.173.237V10c0 5.46 3.28 9.483 8.43 11.426a.199.199 0 0 0 .14 0C17.22 19.483 20.5 15.461 20.5 10V4.976a.25.25 0 0 0-.173-.237l-8.25-2.676a.253.253 0 0 0-.154 0Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">GitHub Advanced Security</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Find and fix vulnerabilities</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/security/advanced-security/code-security" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;code_security&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;code_security_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-code-square NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M10.3 8.24a.75.75 0 0 1-.04 1.06L7.352 12l2.908 2.7a.75.75 0 1 1-1.02 1.1l-3.5-3.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.1l3.5-3.25a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06.04Zm3.44 1.06a.75.75 0 1 1 1.02-1.1l3.5 3.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.1l-3.5 3.25a.75.75 0 1 1-1.02-1.1l2.908-2.7-2.908-2.7Z"></path><path d="M2 3.75C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2h16.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v16.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 20.25 22H3.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 20.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v16.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h16.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V3.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Code security</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Secure your code as you build</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/security/advanced-security/secret-protection" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;secret_protection&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;secret_protection_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-lock NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6 9V7.25C6 3.845 8.503 1 12 1s6 2.845 6 6.25V9h.5a2.5 2.5 0 0 1 2.5 2.5v8a2.5 2.5 0 0 1-2.5 2.5h-13A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 3 19.5v-8A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 5.5 9Zm-1.5 2.5v8a1 1 0 0 0 1 1h13a1 1 0 0 0 1-1v-8a1 1 0 0 0-1-1h-13a1 1 0 0 0-1 1Zm3-4.25V9h9V7.25c0-2.67-1.922-4.75-4.5-4.75-2.578 0-4.5 2.08-4.5 4.75Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Secret protection</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Stop leaks before they start</span></div></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ NavGroup-module__hasSeparator__FnMrN"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">EXPLORE</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/why-github" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;why_github&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;why_github_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Why GitHub</span></a></li><li><a href="https://docs.github.com" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;documentation&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;documentation_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Documentation</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li><li><a href="https://github.blog" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;blog&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;blog_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Blog</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li><li><a href="https://github.blog/changelog" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;changelog&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;changelog_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Changelog</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/marketplace" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;marketplace&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;marketplace_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Marketplace</span></a></li></ul></div></li></ul><div class="NavDropdown-module__trailingLinkContainer__VgJGL"><a href="https://github.com/features" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;view_all_features&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;platform&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;view_all_features_link_platform_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">View all features</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavLink-module__arrowIcon__amekg" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></a></div></div></div></li><li><div class="NavDropdown-module__container__l2YeI js-details-container js-header-menu-item"><button type="button" class="NavDropdown-module__button__PEHWX js-details-target" aria-expanded="false">Solutions<svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavDropdown-module__buttonIcon__Tkl8_" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></button><div class="NavDropdown-module__dropdown__xm1jd"><ul class="NavDropdown-module__list__zuCgG"><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">BY COMPANY SIZE</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/enterprise" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;enterprises&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;enterprises_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Enterprises</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/team" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;small_and_medium_teams&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;small_and_medium_teams_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Small and medium teams</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/enterprise/startups" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;startups&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;startups_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Startups</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/industry/nonprofits" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;nonprofits&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;nonprofits_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Nonprofits</span></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">BY USE CASE</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/use-case/app-modernization" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;app_modernization&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;app_modernization_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">App Modernization</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/use-case/devsecops" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;devsecops&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;devsecops_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">DevSecOps</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/use-case/devops" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;devops&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;devops_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">DevOps</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/use-case/ci-cd" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;ci/cd&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;ci/cd_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">CI/CD</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/use-case" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;view_all_use_cases&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;view_all_use_cases_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">View all use cases</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavLink-module__arrowIcon__amekg" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">BY INDUSTRY</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/industry/healthcare" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;healthcare&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;healthcare_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Healthcare</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/industry/financial-services" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;financial_services&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;financial_services_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Financial services</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/industry/manufacturing" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;manufacturing&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;manufacturing_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Manufacturing</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/industry/government" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;government&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;government_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Government</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/industry" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;view_all_industries&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;view_all_industries_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">View all industries</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavLink-module__arrowIcon__amekg" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></a></li></ul></div></li></ul><div class="NavDropdown-module__trailingLinkContainer__VgJGL"><a href="https://github.com/solutions" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;view_all_solutions&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;solutions&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;view_all_solutions_link_solutions_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">View all solutions</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavLink-module__arrowIcon__amekg" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></a></div></div></div></li><li><div class="NavDropdown-module__container__l2YeI js-details-container js-header-menu-item"><button type="button" class="NavDropdown-module__button__PEHWX js-details-target" aria-expanded="false">Resources<svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavDropdown-module__buttonIcon__Tkl8_" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></button><div class="NavDropdown-module__dropdown__xm1jd"><ul class="NavDropdown-module__list__zuCgG"><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">EXPLORE BY TOPIC</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/resources/articles?topic=ai" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;ai&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;ai_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">AI</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/resources/articles?topic=software-development" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;software_development&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;software_development_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Software Development</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/resources/articles?topic=devops" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;devops&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;devops_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">DevOps</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/resources/articles?topic=security" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;security&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;security_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Security</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/resources/articles" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;view_all_topics&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;view_all_topics_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">View all topics</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavLink-module__arrowIcon__amekg" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">EXPLORE BY TYPE</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/customer-stories" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;customer_stories&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;customer_stories_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Customer stories</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/resources/events" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;events__webinars&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;events__webinars_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Events &amp; webinars</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/resources/whitepapers" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;ebooks__reports&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;ebooks__reports_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Ebooks &amp; reports</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/solutions/executive-insights" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;business_insights&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;business_insights_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Business insights</span></a></li><li><a href="https://skills.github.com" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;github_skills&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;github_skills_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">GitHub Skills</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">SUPPORT &amp; SERVICES</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://docs.github.com" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;documentation&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;documentation_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Documentation</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li><li><a href="https://support.github.com" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;customer_support&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;customer_support_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Customer support</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;community_forum&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;community_forum_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Community forum</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/trust-center" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;trust_center&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;trust_center_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Trust center</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/partners" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;partners&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;partners_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Partners</span></a></li></ul></div></li></ul><div class="NavDropdown-module__trailingLinkContainer__VgJGL"><a href="https://github.com/resources" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;view_all_resources&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;resources&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;view_all_resources_link_resources_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">View all resources</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavLink-module__arrowIcon__amekg" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></a></div></div></div></li><li><div class="NavDropdown-module__container__l2YeI js-details-container js-header-menu-item"><button type="button" class="NavDropdown-module__button__PEHWX js-details-target" aria-expanded="false">Open Source<svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavDropdown-module__buttonIcon__Tkl8_" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></button><div class="NavDropdown-module__dropdown__xm1jd"><ul class="NavDropdown-module__list__zuCgG"><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">COMMUNITY</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/sponsors" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;github_sponsors&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;github_sponsors_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-sponsor-tiers NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M16.004 1.25C18.311 1.25 20 3.128 20 5.75c0 2.292-1.23 4.464-3.295 6.485-.481.47-.98.909-1.482 1.31l.265 1.32 1.375 7.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.982.844l-3.512-1.207a.75.75 0 0 0-.488 0L8.37 23.209a.75.75 0 0 1-.982-.844l1.378-7.512.261-1.309c-.5-.4-1-.838-1.481-1.31C5.479 10.215 4.25 8.043 4.25 5.75c0-2.622 1.689-4.5 3.996-4.5 1.55 0 2.947.752 3.832 1.967l.047.067.047-.067a4.726 4.726 0 0 1 3.612-1.962l.22-.005ZM13.89 14.531c-.418.285-.828.542-1.218.77l-.18.103a.75.75 0 0 1-.734 0l-.071-.04-.46-.272c-.282-.173-.573-.36-.868-.562l-.121.605-1.145 6.239 2.3-.79a2.248 2.248 0 0 1 1.284-.054l.18.053 2.299.79-1.141-6.226-.125-.616ZM16.004 2.75c-1.464 0-2.731.983-3.159 2.459-.209.721-1.231.721-1.44 0-.428-1.476-1.695-2.459-3.16-2.459-1.44 0-2.495 1.173-2.495 3 0 1.811 1.039 3.647 2.844 5.412a19.624 19.624 0 0 0 3.734 2.84l-.019-.011-.184-.111.147-.088a19.81 19.81 0 0 0 3.015-2.278l.37-.352C17.46 9.397 18.5 7.561 18.5 5.75c0-1.827-1.055-3-2.496-3Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">GitHub Sponsors</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Fund open source developers</span></div></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">PROGRAMS</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://securitylab.github.com" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;security_lab&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;security_lab_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Security Lab</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li><li><a href="https://maintainers.github.com" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;maintainer_community&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;maintainer_community_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Maintainer Community</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/accelerator" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;accelerator&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;accelerator_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Accelerator</span></a></li><li><a href="https://stars.github.com" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;github_stars&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;github_stars_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">GitHub Stars</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li><li><a href="https://archiveprogram.github.com" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;archive_program&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;archive_program_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Archive Program</span><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-link-external NavLink-module__externalIcon__eWIry" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.75 2h3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 14h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 12.25v-8.5C2 2.784 2.784 2 3.75 2Zm6.854-1h4.146a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v4.146a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L13.03 4.03 9.28 7.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.75-3.75-1.543-1.543A.25.25 0 0 1 10.604 1Z"></path></svg></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">REPOSITORIES</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/topics" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;topics&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;topics_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Topics</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/trending" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;trending&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;trending_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Trending</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/collections" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;collections&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;open_source&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;collections_link_open_source_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Collections</span></a></li></ul></div></li></ul></div></div></li><li><div class="NavDropdown-module__container__l2YeI js-details-container js-header-menu-item"><button type="button" class="NavDropdown-module__button__PEHWX js-details-target" aria-expanded="false">Enterprise<svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-chevron-right NavDropdown-module__buttonIcon__Tkl8_" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.22 3.22a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L9.94 8 6.22 4.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path></svg></button><div class="NavDropdown-module__dropdown__xm1jd"><ul class="NavDropdown-module__list__zuCgG"><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/enterprise" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;enterprise_platform&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;enterprise&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;enterprise_platform_link_enterprise_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-stack NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M11.063 1.456a1.749 1.749 0 0 1 1.874 0l8.383 5.316a1.751 1.751 0 0 1 0 2.956l-8.383 5.316a1.749 1.749 0 0 1-1.874 0L2.68 9.728a1.751 1.751 0 0 1 0-2.956Zm1.071 1.267a.25.25 0 0 0-.268 0L3.483 8.039a.25.25 0 0 0 0 .422l8.383 5.316a.25.25 0 0 0 .268 0l8.383-5.316a.25.25 0 0 0 0-.422Z"></path><path d="M1.867 12.324a.75.75 0 0 1 1.035-.232l8.964 5.685a.25.25 0 0 0 .268 0l8.964-5.685a.75.75 0 0 1 .804 1.267l-8.965 5.685a1.749 1.749 0 0 1-1.874 0l-8.965-5.685a.75.75 0 0 1-.231-1.035Z"></path><path d="M1.867 16.324a.75.75 0 0 1 1.035-.232l8.964 5.685a.25.25 0 0 0 .268 0l8.964-5.685a.75.75 0 0 1 .804 1.267l-8.965 5.685a1.749 1.749 0 0 1-1.874 0l-8.965-5.685a.75.75 0 0 1-.231-1.035Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Enterprise platform</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">AI-powered developer platform</span></div></a></li></ul></div></li><li><div class="NavGroup-module__group__W8SqJ"><span class="NavGroup-module__title__Wzxz2">AVAILABLE ADD-ONS</span><ul class="NavGroup-module__list__UCOFy"><li><a href="https://github.com/security/advanced-security" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;github_advanced_security&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;enterprise&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;github_advanced_security_link_enterprise_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-shield-check NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M16.53 9.78a.75.75 0 0 0-1.06-1.06L11 13.19l-1.97-1.97a.75.75 0 0 0-1.06 1.06l2.5 2.5a.75.75 0 0 0 1.06 0l5-5Z"></path><path d="m12.54.637 8.25 2.675A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 22 4.976V10c0 6.19-3.771 10.704-9.401 12.83a1.704 1.704 0 0 1-1.198 0C5.77 20.705 2 16.19 2 10V4.976c0-.758.489-1.43 1.21-1.664L11.46.637a1.748 1.748 0 0 1 1.08 0Zm-.617 1.426-8.25 2.676a.249.249 0 0 0-.173.237V10c0 5.46 3.28 9.483 8.43 11.426a.199.199 0 0 0 .14 0C17.22 19.483 20.5 15.461 20.5 10V4.976a.25.25 0 0 0-.173-.237l-8.25-2.676a.253.253 0 0 0-.154 0Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">GitHub Advanced Security</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Enterprise-grade security features</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/features/copilot/copilot-business" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;copilot_for_business&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;enterprise&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;copilot_for_business_link_enterprise_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-copilot NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M23.922 16.992c-.861 1.495-5.859 5.023-11.922 5.023-6.063 0-11.061-3.528-11.922-5.023A.641.641 0 0 1 0 16.736v-2.869a.841.841 0 0 1 .053-.22c.372-.935 1.347-2.292 2.605-2.656.167-.429.414-1.055.644-1.517a10.195 10.195 0 0 1-.052-1.086c0-1.331.282-2.499 1.132-3.368.397-.406.89-.717 1.474-.952 1.399-1.136 3.392-2.093 6.122-2.093 2.731 0 4.767.957 6.166 2.093.584.235 1.077.546 1.474.952.85.869 1.132 2.037 1.132 3.368 0 .368-.014.733-.052 1.086.23.462.477 1.088.644 1.517 1.258.364 2.233 1.721 2.605 2.656a.832.832 0 0 1 .053.22v2.869a.641.641 0 0 1-.078.256ZM12.172 11h-.344a4.323 4.323 0 0 1-.355.508C10.703 12.455 9.555 13 7.965 13c-1.725 0-2.989-.359-3.782-1.259a2.005 2.005 0 0 1-.085-.104L4 11.741v6.585c1.435.779 4.514 2.179 8 2.179 3.486 0 6.565-1.4 8-2.179v-6.585l-.098-.104s-.033.045-.085.104c-.793.9-2.057 1.259-3.782 1.259-1.59 0-2.738-.545-3.508-1.492a4.323 4.323 0 0 1-.355-.508h-.016.016Zm.641-2.935c.136 1.057.403 1.913.878 2.497.442.544 1.134.938 2.344.938 1.573 0 2.292-.337 2.657-.751.384-.435.558-1.15.558-2.361 0-1.14-.243-1.847-.705-2.319-.477-.488-1.319-.862-2.824-1.025-1.487-.161-2.192.138-2.533.529-.269.307-.437.808-.438 1.578v.021c0 .265.021.562.063.893Zm-1.626 0c.042-.331.063-.628.063-.894v-.02c-.001-.77-.169-1.271-.438-1.578-.341-.391-1.046-.69-2.533-.529-1.505.163-2.347.537-2.824 1.025-.462.472-.705 1.179-.705 2.319 0 1.211.175 1.926.558 2.361.365.414 1.084.751 2.657.751 1.21 0 1.902-.394 2.344-.938.475-.584.742-1.44.878-2.497Z"></path><path d="M14.5 14.25a1 1 0 0 1 1 1v2a1 1 0 0 1-2 0v-2a1 1 0 0 1 1-1Zm-5 0a1 1 0 0 1 1 1v2a1 1 0 0 1-2 0v-2a1 1 0 0 1 1-1Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Copilot for Business</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Enterprise-grade AI features</span></div></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/premium-support" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;premium_support&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;enterprise&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;premium_support_link_enterprise_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4"><div class="NavLink-module__text__XvpLQ"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-comment-discussion NavLink-module__icon__ltGNM" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M1.75 1h12.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v9.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 14H8.061l-2.574 2.573A1.458 1.458 0 0 1 3 15.543V14H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 12.25v-9.5C0 1.784.784 1 1.75 1ZM1.5 2.75v9.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h2a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v2.19l2.72-2.72a.749.749 0 0 1 .53-.22h6.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-9.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25H1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25Z"></path><path d="M22.5 8.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25h-3.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h3.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v9.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 22.25 20H21v1.543a1.457 1.457 0 0 1-2.487 1.03L15.939 20H10.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 9 18.25v-1.465a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v1.465c0 .138.112.25.25.25h5.5a.75.75 0 0 1 .53.22l2.72 2.72v-2.19a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75h2a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-9.5Z"></path></svg><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Premium Support</span><span class="NavLink-module__subtitle__X4gkW">Enterprise-grade 24/7 support</span></div></a></li></ul></div></li></ul></div></div></li><li><a href="https://github.com/pricing" data-analytics-event="{&quot;action&quot;:&quot;pricing&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;pricing&quot;,&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;pricing_link_pricing_navbar&quot;}" class="NavLink-module__link__EG3d4 MarketingNavigation-module__navLink__hUomM"><span class="NavLink-module__title__Q7t0p">Pricing</span></a></li></ul></nav><script type="application/json" id="__PRIMER_DATA__R_0___">{"resolvedServerColorMode":"day"}</script></div>
</react-partial>



        <div class="d-flex flex-column flex-lg-row width-full flex-justify-end flex-lg-items-center text-center tmp-mt-3 tmp-mt-lg-0 text-lg-left tmp-ml-lg-3">
                


<qbsearch-input class="search-input" data-scope="repo:pimutils/vdirsyncer" data-custom-scopes-path="/search/custom_scopes" data-delete-custom-scopes-csrf="zBxfr7Alnci6xdSfhH0Axkd7A9WVvR2Nn6KuoTbZ1JJzFij2LGBRzFhDLDNUmYCet_HD09DE8B1GIltAOmSxMA" data-max-custom-scopes="10" data-header-redesign-enabled="false" data-initial-value="" data-blackbird-suggestions-path="/search/suggestions" data-jump-to-suggestions-path="/_graphql/GetSuggestedNavigationDestinations" data-current-repository="pimutils/vdirsyncer" data-current-org="pimutils" data-current-owner="" data-logged-in="false" data-copilot-chat-enabled="false" data-nl-search-enabled="false" data-retain-scroll-position="true">
  <div
    class="search-input-container search-with-dialog position-relative d-flex flex-row flex-items-center tmp-mr-4 rounded"
    data-action="click:qbsearch-input#searchInputContainerClicked"
  >
      <button
        type="button"
        class="header-search-button placeholder  input-button form-control d-flex flex-1 flex-self-stretch flex-items-center no-wrap width-full py-0 pl-2 pr-0 text-left border-0 box-shadow-none"
        data-target="qbsearch-input.inputButton"
        aria-label="Search or jump to…"
        aria-haspopup="dialog"
        placeholder="Search or jump to..."
        data-hotkey=s,/
        autocapitalize="off"
        data-analytics-event="{&quot;location&quot;:&quot;navbar&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;searchbar&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;global&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;input&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;searchbar_input_global_navbar&quot;}"
        data-action="click:qbsearch-input#handleExpand"
      >
        <div class="mr-2 color-fg-muted">
          <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-search">
    <path d="M10.68 11.74a6 6 0 0 1-7.922-8.982 6 6 0 0 1 8.982 7.922l3.04 3.04a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215ZM11.5 7a4.499 4.499 0 1 0-8.997 0A4.499 4.499 0 0 0 11.5 7Z"></path>
</svg>
        </div>
        <span class="flex-1" data-target="qbsearch-input.inputButtonText">Search or jump to...</span>
          <div class="d-flex" data-target="qbsearch-input.hotkeyIndicator">
            <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="22" height="20" aria-hidden="true" class="mr-1"><path fill="none" stroke="#979A9C" opacity=".4" d="M3.5.5h12c1.7 0 3 1.3 3 3v13c0 1.7-1.3 3-3 3h-12c-1.7 0-3-1.3-3-3v-13c0-1.7 1.3-3 3-3z"></path><path fill="#979A9C" d="M11.8 6L8 15.1h-.9L10.8 6h1z"></path></svg>
          </div>
      </button>

    <input type="hidden" name="type" class="js-site-search-type-field">

    
<div class="Overlay--hidden " data-modal-dialog-overlay>
  <modal-dialog data-action="close:qbsearch-input#handleClose cancel:qbsearch-input#handleClose" data-target="qbsearch-input.searchSuggestionsDialog" role="dialog" id="search-suggestions-dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="search-suggestions-dialog-header" data-view-component="true" class="Overlay Overlay--width-large Overlay--height-auto">
      <h1 id="search-suggestions-dialog-header" class="sr-only">Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests...</h1>
    <div class="Overlay-body Overlay-body--paddingNone">
      
          <div data-view-component="true">        <div class="search-suggestions position-fixed width-full color-shadow-large border color-fg-default color-bg-default overflow-hidden d-flex flex-column query-builder-container"
          style="border-radius: 12px;"
          data-target="qbsearch-input.queryBuilderContainer"
          hidden
        >
          <!-- '"` --><!-- </textarea></xmp> --></option></form><form id="query-builder-test-form" action="" accept-charset="UTF-8" method="get">
  <query-builder data-target="qbsearch-input.queryBuilder" id="query-builder-query-builder-test" data-filter-key=":" data-view-component="true" class="QueryBuilder search-query-builder">
    <div class="FormControl FormControl--fullWidth">
      <label id="query-builder-test-label" for="query-builder-test" class="FormControl-label sr-only">
        Search
      </label>
      <div
        class="QueryBuilder-StyledInput width-fit "
        data-target="query-builder.styledInput"
      >
          <span id="query-builder-test-leadingvisual-wrap" class="FormControl-input-leadingVisualWrap QueryBuilder-leadingVisualWrap">
            <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-search FormControl-input-leadingVisual">
    <path d="M10.68 11.74a6 6 0 0 1-7.922-8.982 6 6 0 0 1 8.982 7.922l3.04 3.04a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215ZM11.5 7a4.499 4.499 0 1 0-8.997 0A4.499 4.499 0 0 0 11.5 7Z"></path>
</svg>
          </span>
        <div data-target="query-builder.styledInputContainer" class="QueryBuilder-StyledInputContainer">
          <div
            aria-hidden="true"
            class="QueryBuilder-StyledInputContent"
            data-target="query-builder.styledInputContent"
          ></div>
          <div class="QueryBuilder-InputWrapper">
            <div aria-hidden="true" class="QueryBuilder-Sizer" data-target="query-builder.sizer"></div>
            <input id="query-builder-test" name="query-builder-test" value="" autocomplete="off" type="text" role="combobox" spellcheck="false" aria-expanded="false" aria-describedby="validation-c87a8715-aba7-4c31-b874-e3e1f78048a8" data-target="query-builder.input" data-action="
          input:query-builder#inputChange
          blur:query-builder#inputBlur
          keydown:query-builder#inputKeydown
          focus:query-builder#inputFocus
        " data-view-component="true" class="FormControl-input QueryBuilder-Input FormControl-medium" />
          </div>
        </div>
          <span data-target="query-builder.clearButton" hidden>
            <span class="sr-only" id="query-builder-test-clear">Clear</span>
            <button role="button" id="query-builder-test-clear-button" aria-labelledby="query-builder-test-clear query-builder-test-label" data-action="
                  click:query-builder#clear
                  focus:query-builder#clearButtonFocus
                  blur:query-builder#clearButtonBlur
                " variant="small" type="button" data-view-component="true" class="Button Button--iconOnly Button--invisible Button--medium mr-1 tmp-mr-1 px-2 tmp-px-2 py-0 tmp-py-0 d-flex flex-items-center rounded-1 color-fg-muted">  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-x-circle-fill Button-visual">
    <path d="M2.343 13.657A8 8 0 1 1 13.658 2.343 8 8 0 0 1 2.343 13.657ZM6.03 4.97a.751.751 0 0 0-1.042.018.751.751 0 0 0-.018 1.042L6.94 8 4.97 9.97a.749.749 0 0 0 .326 1.275.749.749 0 0 0 .734-.215L8 9.06l1.97 1.97a.749.749 0 0 0 1.275-.326.749.749 0 0 0-.215-.734L9.06 8l1.97-1.97a.749.749 0 0 0-.326-1.275.749.749 0 0 0-.734.215L8 6.94Z"></path>
</svg>
</button>

          </span>
      </div>
      <template id="search-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-search">
    <path d="M10.68 11.74a6 6 0 0 1-7.922-8.982 6 6 0 0 1 8.982 7.922l3.04 3.04a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215ZM11.5 7a4.499 4.499 0 1 0-8.997 0A4.499 4.499 0 0 0 11.5 7Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="code-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-code">
    <path d="m11.28 3.22 4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.749.749 0 0 1-1.275-.326.749.749 0 0 1 .215-.734L13.94 8l-3.72-3.72a.749.749 0 0 1 .326-1.275.749.749 0 0 1 .734.215Zm-6.56 0a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042L2.06 8l3.72 3.72a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L.47 8.53a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="file-code-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-file-code">
    <path d="M4 1.75C4 .784 4.784 0 5.75 0h5.586c.464 0 .909.184 1.237.513l2.914 2.914c.329.328.513.773.513 1.237v8.586A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 15h-9a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h9a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V6h-2.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 10 4.25V1.5H5.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v2.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0Zm1.72 4.97a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l2 2a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-2 2a.749.749 0 0 1-1.275-.326.749.749 0 0 1 .215-.734l1.47-1.47-1.47-1.47a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06ZM3.28 7.78 1.81 9.25l1.47 1.47a.751.751 0 0 1-.018 1.042.751.751 0 0 1-1.042.018l-2-2a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06l2-2a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042Zm8.22-6.218V4.25c0 .138.112.25.25.25h2.688l-.011-.013-2.914-2.914-.013-.011Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="history-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-history">
    <path d="m.427 1.927 1.215 1.215a8.002 8.002 0 1 1-1.6 5.685.75.75 0 1 1 1.493-.154 6.5 6.5 0 1 0 1.18-4.458l1.358 1.358A.25.25 0 0 1 3.896 6H.25A.25.25 0 0 1 0 5.75V2.104a.25.25 0 0 1 .427-.177ZM7.75 4a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v2.992l2.028.812a.75.75 0 0 1-.557 1.392l-2.5-1A.751.751 0 0 1 7 8.25v-3.5A.75.75 0 0 1 7.75 4Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="repo-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-repo">
    <path d="M2 2.5A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 4.5 0h8.75a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v12.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75h-2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h1.75v-2h-8a1 1 0 0 0-.714 1.7.75.75 0 1 1-1.072 1.05A2.495 2.495 0 0 1 2 11.5Zm10.5-1h-8a1 1 0 0 0-1 1v6.708A2.486 2.486 0 0 1 4.5 9h8ZM5 12.25a.25.25 0 0 1 .25-.25h3.5a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v3.25a.25.25 0 0 1-.4.2l-1.45-1.087a.249.249 0 0 0-.3 0L5.4 15.7a.25.25 0 0 1-.4-.2Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="bookmark-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-bookmark">
    <path d="M3 2.75C3 1.784 3.784 1 4.75 1h6.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v11.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.227.579L8 11.722l-3.773 3.107A.751.751 0 0 1 3 14.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v9.91l3.023-2.489a.75.75 0 0 1 .954 0l3.023 2.49V2.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="plus-circle-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-plus-circle">
    <path d="M8 0a8 8 0 1 1 0 16A8 8 0 0 1 8 0ZM1.5 8a6.5 6.5 0 1 0 13 0 6.5 6.5 0 0 0-13 0Zm7.25-3.25v2.5h2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-2.5v2.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0v-2.5h-2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h2.5v-2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="circle-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-dot-fill">
    <path d="M8 4a4 4 0 1 1 0 8 4 4 0 0 1 0-8Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="trash-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-trash">
    <path d="M11 1.75V3h2.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5H2.75a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5H5V1.75C5 .784 5.784 0 6.75 0h2.5C10.216 0 11 .784 11 1.75ZM4.496 6.675l.66 6.6a.25.25 0 0 0 .249.225h5.19a.25.25 0 0 0 .249-.225l.66-6.6a.75.75 0 0 1 1.492.149l-.66 6.6A1.748 1.748 0 0 1 10.595 15h-5.19a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.741-1.575l-.66-6.6a.75.75 0 1 1 1.492-.15ZM6.5 1.75V3h3V1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25h-2.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="team-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-people">
    <path d="M2 5.5a3.5 3.5 0 1 1 5.898 2.549 5.508 5.508 0 0 1 3.034 4.084.75.75 0 1 1-1.482.235 4 4 0 0 0-7.9 0 .75.75 0 0 1-1.482-.236A5.507 5.507 0 0 1 3.102 8.05 3.493 3.493 0 0 1 2 5.5ZM11 4a3.001 3.001 0 0 1 2.22 5.018 5.01 5.01 0 0 1 2.56 3.012.749.749 0 0 1-.885.954.752.752 0 0 1-.549-.514 3.507 3.507 0 0 0-2.522-2.372.75.75 0 0 1-.574-.73v-.352a.75.75 0 0 1 .416-.672A1.5 1.5 0 0 0 11 5.5.75.75 0 0 1 11 4Zm-5.5-.5a2 2 0 1 0-.001 3.999A2 2 0 0 0 5.5 3.5Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="project-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-project">
    <path d="M1.75 0h12.5C15.216 0 16 .784 16 1.75v12.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 16H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25V1.75C0 .784.784 0 1.75 0ZM1.5 1.75v12.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h12.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25H1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25ZM11.75 3a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v7.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0v-7.5a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75Zm-8.25.75a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v5.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0ZM8 3a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v3.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0v-3.5A.75.75 0 0 1 8 3Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="pencil-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-pencil">
    <path d="M11.013 1.427a1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2.474 0l1.086 1.086a1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 2.474l-8.61 8.61c-.21.21-.47.364-.756.445l-3.251.93a.75.75 0 0 1-.927-.928l.929-3.25c.081-.286.235-.547.445-.758l8.61-8.61Zm.176 4.823L9.75 4.81l-6.286 6.287a.253.253 0 0 0-.064.108l-.558 1.953 1.953-.558a.253.253 0 0 0 .108-.064Zm1.238-3.763a.25.25 0 0 0-.354 0L10.811 3.75l1.439 1.44 1.263-1.263a.25.25 0 0 0 0-.354Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="copilot-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-copilot">
    <path d="M7.998 15.035c-4.562 0-7.873-2.914-7.998-3.749V9.338c.085-.628.677-1.686 1.588-2.065.013-.07.024-.143.036-.218.029-.183.06-.384.126-.612-.201-.508-.254-1.084-.254-1.656 0-.87.128-1.769.693-2.484.579-.733 1.494-1.124 2.724-1.261 1.206-.134 2.262.034 2.944.765.05.053.096.108.139.165.044-.057.094-.112.143-.165.682-.731 1.738-.899 2.944-.765 1.23.137 2.145.528 2.724 1.261.566.715.693 1.614.693 2.484 0 .572-.053 1.148-.254 1.656.066.228.098.429.126.612.012.076.024.148.037.218.924.385 1.522 1.471 1.591 2.095v1.872c0 .766-3.351 3.795-8.002 3.795Zm0-1.485c2.28 0 4.584-1.11 5.002-1.433V7.862l-.023-.116c-.49.21-1.075.291-1.727.291-1.146 0-2.059-.327-2.71-.991A3.222 3.222 0 0 1 8 6.303a3.24 3.24 0 0 1-.544.743c-.65.664-1.563.991-2.71.991-.652 0-1.236-.081-1.727-.291l-.023.116v4.255c.419.323 2.722 1.433 5.002 1.433ZM6.762 2.83c-.193-.206-.637-.413-1.682-.297-1.019.113-1.479.404-1.713.7-.247.312-.369.789-.369 1.554 0 .793.129 1.171.308 1.371.162.181.519.379 1.442.379.853 0 1.339-.235 1.638-.54.315-.322.527-.827.617-1.553.117-.935-.037-1.395-.241-1.614Zm4.155-.297c-1.044-.116-1.488.091-1.681.297-.204.219-.359.679-.242 1.614.091.726.303 1.231.618 1.553.299.305.784.54 1.638.54.922 0 1.28-.198 1.442-.379.179-.2.308-.578.308-1.371 0-.765-.123-1.242-.37-1.554-.233-.296-.693-.587-1.713-.7Z"></path><path d="M6.25 9.037a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v1.501a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0V9.787a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75Zm4.25.75v1.501a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0V9.787a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="copilot-error-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-copilot-error">
    <path d="M16 11.24c0 .112-.072.274-.21.467L13 9.688V7.862l-.023-.116c-.49.21-1.075.291-1.727.291-.198 0-.388-.009-.571-.029L6.833 5.226a4.01 4.01 0 0 0 .17-.782c.117-.935-.037-1.395-.241-1.614-.193-.206-.637-.413-1.682-.297-.683.076-1.115.231-1.395.415l-1.257-.91c.579-.564 1.413-.877 2.485-.996 1.206-.134 2.262.034 2.944.765.05.053.096.108.139.165.044-.057.094-.112.143-.165.682-.731 1.738-.899 2.944-.765 1.23.137 2.145.528 2.724 1.261.566.715.693 1.614.693 2.484 0 .572-.053 1.148-.254 1.656.066.228.098.429.126.612.012.076.024.148.037.218.924.385 1.522 1.471 1.591 2.095Zm-5.083-8.707c-1.044-.116-1.488.091-1.681.297-.204.219-.359.679-.242 1.614.091.726.303 1.231.618 1.553.299.305.784.54 1.638.54.922 0 1.28-.198 1.442-.379.179-.2.308-.578.308-1.371 0-.765-.123-1.242-.37-1.554-.233-.296-.693-.587-1.713-.7Zm2.511 11.074c-1.393.776-3.272 1.428-5.43 1.428-4.562 0-7.873-2.914-7.998-3.749V9.338c.085-.628.677-1.686 1.588-2.065.013-.07.024-.143.036-.218.029-.183.06-.384.126-.612-.18-.455-.241-.963-.252-1.475L.31 4.107A.747.747 0 0 1 0 3.509V3.49a.748.748 0 0 1 .625-.73c.156-.026.306.047.435.139l14.667 10.578a.592.592 0 0 1 .227.264.752.752 0 0 1 .046.249v.022a.75.75 0 0 1-1.19.596Zm-1.367-.991L5.635 7.964a5.128 5.128 0 0 1-.889.073c-.652 0-1.236-.081-1.727-.291l-.023.116v4.255c.419.323 2.722 1.433 5.002 1.433 1.539 0 3.089-.505 4.063-.934Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="workflow-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-workflow">
    <path d="M0 1.75C0 .784.784 0 1.75 0h3.5C6.216 0 7 .784 7 1.75v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 5.25 7H4v4a1 1 0 0 0 1 1h4v-1.25C9 9.784 9.784 9 10.75 9h3.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 16h-3.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 9 14.25v-.75H5A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 2.5 11V7h-.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 5.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v3.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h3.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Zm9 9a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v3.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h3.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="book-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-book">
    <path d="M0 1.75A.75.75 0 0 1 .75 1h4.253c1.227 0 2.317.59 3 1.501A3.743 3.743 0 0 1 11.006 1h4.245a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v10.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75h-4.507a2.25 2.25 0 0 0-1.591.659l-.622.621a.75.75 0 0 1-1.06 0l-.622-.621A2.25 2.25 0 0 0 5.258 13H.75a.75.75 0 0 1-.75-.75Zm7.251 10.324.004-5.073-.002-2.253A2.25 2.25 0 0 0 5.003 2.5H1.5v9h3.757a3.75 3.75 0 0 1 1.994.574ZM8.755 4.75l-.004 7.322a3.752 3.752 0 0 1 1.992-.572H14.5v-9h-3.495a2.25 2.25 0 0 0-2.25 2.25Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="code-review-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-code-review">
    <path d="M1.75 1h12.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 13H8.061l-2.574 2.573A1.458 1.458 0 0 1 3 14.543V13H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 11.25v-8.5C0 1.784.784 1 1.75 1ZM1.5 2.75v8.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h2a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v2.19l2.72-2.72a.749.749 0 0 1 .53-.22h6.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-8.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25H1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25Zm5.28 1.72a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06L5.31 7l1.47 1.47a.751.751 0 0 1-.018 1.042.751.751 0 0 1-1.042.018l-2-2a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06l2-2a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0Zm2.44 0a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l2 2a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-2 2a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L10.69 7 9.22 5.53a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="codespaces-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-codespaces">
    <path d="M0 11.25c0-.966.784-1.75 1.75-1.75h12.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v3A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 16H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25Zm2-9.5C2 .784 2.784 0 3.75 0h8.5C13.216 0 14 .784 14 1.75v5a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.75 1.75h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 6.75Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Zm-2 9.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v3c0 .138.112.25.25.25h12.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-3a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path><path d="M7 12.75a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75h4.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-4.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.75-.75Zm-4 0a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.75-.75Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="comment-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-comment">
    <path d="M1 2.75C1 1.784 1.784 1 2.75 1h10.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 13.25 12H9.06l-2.573 2.573A1.458 1.458 0 0 1 4 13.543V12H2.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 1 10.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h2a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v2.19l2.72-2.72a.749.749 0 0 1 .53-.22h4.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-7.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="comment-discussion-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-comment-discussion">
    <path d="M1.75 1h8.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v5.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 10.25 10H7.061l-2.574 2.573A1.458 1.458 0 0 1 2 11.543V10h-.25A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 8.25v-5.5C0 1.784.784 1 1.75 1ZM1.5 2.75v5.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h1a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v2.19l2.72-2.72a.749.749 0 0 1 .53-.22h3.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-5.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25h-8.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25Zm13 2a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25h-.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v5.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 12H14v1.543a1.458 1.458 0 0 1-2.487 1.03L9.22 12.28a.749.749 0 0 1 .326-1.275.749.749 0 0 1 .734.215l2.22 2.22v-2.19a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75h1a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="organization-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-organization">
    <path d="M1.75 16A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25V1.75C0 .784.784 0 1.75 0h8.5C11.216 0 12 .784 12 1.75v12.5c0 .085-.006.168-.018.25h2.268a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V8.285a.25.25 0 0 0-.111-.208l-1.055-.703a.749.749 0 1 1 .832-1.248l1.055.703c.487.325.779.871.779 1.456v5.965A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 16h-3.5a.766.766 0 0 1-.197-.026c-.099.017-.2.026-.303.026h-3a.75.75 0 0 1-.75-.75V14h-1v1.25a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75Zm-.25-1.75c0 .138.112.25.25.25H4v-1.25a.75.75 0 0 1 .75-.75h2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v1.25h2.25a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25h-8.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25ZM3.75 6h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5ZM3 3.75A.75.75 0 0 1 3.75 3h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5A.75.75 0 0 1 3 3.75Zm4 3A.75.75 0 0 1 7.75 6h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5A.75.75 0 0 1 7 6.75ZM7.75 3h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5ZM3 9.75A.75.75 0 0 1 3.75 9h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5A.75.75 0 0 1 3 9.75ZM7.75 9h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="rocket-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-rocket">
    <path d="M14.064 0h.186C15.216 0 16 .784 16 1.75v.186a8.752 8.752 0 0 1-2.564 6.186l-.458.459c-.314.314-.641.616-.979.904v3.207c0 .608-.315 1.172-.833 1.49l-2.774 1.707a.749.749 0 0 1-1.11-.418l-.954-3.102a1.214 1.214 0 0 1-.145-.125L3.754 9.816a1.218 1.218 0 0 1-.124-.145L.528 8.717a.749.749 0 0 1-.418-1.11l1.71-2.774A1.748 1.748 0 0 1 3.31 4h3.204c.288-.338.59-.665.904-.979l.459-.458A8.749 8.749 0 0 1 14.064 0ZM8.938 3.623h-.002l-.458.458c-.76.76-1.437 1.598-2.02 2.5l-1.5 2.317 2.143 2.143 2.317-1.5c.902-.583 1.74-1.26 2.499-2.02l.459-.458a7.25 7.25 0 0 0 2.123-5.127V1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25h-.186a7.249 7.249 0 0 0-5.125 2.123ZM3.56 14.56c-.732.732-2.334 1.045-3.005 1.148a.234.234 0 0 1-.201-.064.234.234 0 0 1-.064-.201c.103-.671.416-2.273 1.15-3.003a1.502 1.502 0 1 1 2.12 2.12Zm6.94-3.935c-.088.06-.177.118-.266.175l-2.35 1.521.548 1.783 1.949-1.2a.25.25 0 0 0 .119-.213ZM3.678 8.116 5.2 5.766c.058-.09.117-.178.176-.266H3.309a.25.25 0 0 0-.213.119l-1.2 1.95ZM12 5a1 1 0 1 1-2 0 1 1 0 0 1 2 0Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="shield-check-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-shield-check">
    <path d="m8.533.133 5.25 1.68A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 15 3.48V7c0 1.566-.32 3.182-1.303 4.682-.983 1.498-2.585 2.813-5.032 3.855a1.697 1.697 0 0 1-1.33 0c-2.447-1.042-4.049-2.357-5.032-3.855C1.32 10.182 1 8.566 1 7V3.48a1.75 1.75 0 0 1 1.217-1.667l5.25-1.68a1.748 1.748 0 0 1 1.066 0Zm-.61 1.429.001.001-5.25 1.68a.251.251 0 0 0-.174.237V7c0 1.36.275 2.666 1.057 3.859.784 1.194 2.121 2.342 4.366 3.298a.196.196 0 0 0 .154 0c2.245-.957 3.582-2.103 4.366-3.297C13.225 9.666 13.5 8.358 13.5 7V3.48a.25.25 0 0 0-.174-.238l-5.25-1.68a.25.25 0 0 0-.153 0ZM11.28 6.28l-3.5 3.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.06 0l-1.5-1.5a.749.749 0 0 1 .326-1.275.749.749 0 0 1 .734.215l.97.97 2.97-2.97a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="heart-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-heart">
    <path d="m8 14.25.345.666a.75.75 0 0 1-.69 0l-.008-.004-.018-.01a7.152 7.152 0 0 1-.31-.17 22.055 22.055 0 0 1-3.434-2.414C2.045 10.731 0 8.35 0 5.5 0 2.836 2.086 1 4.25 1 5.797 1 7.153 1.802 8 3.02 8.847 1.802 10.203 1 11.75 1 13.914 1 16 2.836 16 5.5c0 2.85-2.045 5.231-3.885 6.818a22.066 22.066 0 0 1-3.744 2.584l-.018.01-.006.003h-.002ZM4.25 2.5c-1.336 0-2.75 1.164-2.75 3 0 2.15 1.58 4.144 3.365 5.682A20.58 20.58 0 0 0 8 13.393a20.58 20.58 0 0 0 3.135-2.211C12.92 9.644 14.5 7.65 14.5 5.5c0-1.836-1.414-3-2.75-3-1.373 0-2.609.986-3.029 2.456a.749.749 0 0 1-1.442 0C6.859 3.486 5.623 2.5 4.25 2.5Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="server-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-server">
    <path d="M1.75 1h12.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v4c0 .372-.116.717-.314 1 .198.283.314.628.314 1v4a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.75 1.75H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 12.75v-4c0-.358.109-.707.314-1a1.739 1.739 0 0 1-.314-1v-4C0 1.784.784 1 1.75 1ZM1.5 2.75v4c0 .138.112.25.25.25h12.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-4a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25H1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25Zm.25 5.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v4c0 .138.112.25.25.25h12.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-4a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25ZM7 4.75A.75.75 0 0 1 7.75 4h4.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-4.5A.75.75 0 0 1 7 4.75ZM7.75 10h4.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-4.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5ZM3 4.75A.75.75 0 0 1 3.75 4h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5A.75.75 0 0 1 3 4.75ZM3.75 10h.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="globe-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-globe">
    <path d="M8 0a8 8 0 1 1 0 16A8 8 0 0 1 8 0ZM5.78 8.75a9.64 9.64 0 0 0 1.363 4.177c.255.426.542.832.857 1.215.245-.296.551-.705.857-1.215A9.64 9.64 0 0 0 10.22 8.75Zm4.44-1.5a9.64 9.64 0 0 0-1.363-4.177c-.307-.51-.612-.919-.857-1.215a9.927 9.927 0 0 0-.857 1.215A9.64 9.64 0 0 0 5.78 7.25Zm-5.944 1.5H1.543a6.507 6.507 0 0 0 4.666 5.5c-.123-.181-.24-.365-.352-.552-.715-1.192-1.437-2.874-1.581-4.948Zm-2.733-1.5h2.733c.144-2.074.866-3.756 1.58-4.948.12-.197.237-.381.353-.552a6.507 6.507 0 0 0-4.666 5.5Zm10.181 1.5c-.144 2.074-.866 3.756-1.58 4.948-.12.197-.237.381-.353.552a6.507 6.507 0 0 0 4.666-5.5Zm2.733-1.5a6.507 6.507 0 0 0-4.666-5.5c.123.181.24.365.353.552.714 1.192 1.436 2.874 1.58 4.948Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="issue-opened-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-issue-opened">
    <path d="M8 9.5a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Z"></path><path d="M8 0a8 8 0 1 1 0 16A8 8 0 0 1 8 0ZM1.5 8a6.5 6.5 0 1 0 13 0 6.5 6.5 0 0 0-13 0Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="device-mobile-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-device-mobile">
    <path d="M3.75 0h8.5C13.216 0 14 .784 14 1.75v12.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 12.25 16h-8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 2 14.25V1.75C2 .784 2.784 0 3.75 0ZM3.5 1.75v12.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h8.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25h-8.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25ZM8 13a1 1 0 1 1 0-2 1 1 0 0 1 0 2Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="package-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-package">
    <path d="m8.878.392 5.25 3.045c.54.314.872.89.872 1.514v6.098a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-.872 1.514l-5.25 3.045a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.756 0l-5.25-3.045A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 1 11.049V4.951c0-.624.332-1.201.872-1.514L7.122.392a1.75 1.75 0 0 1 1.756 0ZM7.875 1.69l-4.63 2.685L8 7.133l4.755-2.758-4.63-2.685a.248.248 0 0 0-.25 0ZM2.5 5.677v5.372c0 .09.047.171.125.216l4.625 2.683V8.432Zm6.25 8.271 4.625-2.683a.25.25 0 0 0 .125-.216V5.677L8.75 8.432Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="credit-card-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-credit-card">
    <path d="M10.75 9a.75.75 0 0 0 0 1.5h1.5a.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5h-1.5Z"></path><path d="M0 3.75C0 2.784.784 2 1.75 2h12.5c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v8.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 14H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 12.25ZM14.5 6.5h-13v5.75c0 .138.112.25.25.25h12.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25Zm0-2.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25H1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25V5h13Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="play-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-play">
    <path d="M8 0a8 8 0 1 1 0 16A8 8 0 0 1 8 0ZM1.5 8a6.5 6.5 0 1 0 13 0 6.5 6.5 0 0 0-13 0Zm4.879-2.773 4.264 2.559a.25.25 0 0 1 0 .428l-4.264 2.559A.25.25 0 0 1 6 10.559V5.442a.25.25 0 0 1 .379-.215Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="gift-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-gift">
    <path d="M2 2.75A2.75 2.75 0 0 1 4.75 0c.983 0 1.873.42 2.57 1.232.268.318.497.668.68 1.042.183-.375.411-.725.68-1.044C9.376.42 10.266 0 11.25 0a2.75 2.75 0 0 1 2.45 4h.55c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v2c0 .698-.409 1.301-1 1.582v4.918A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 13.25 16H2.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 1 14.25V9.332C.409 9.05 0 8.448 0 7.75v-2C0 4.784.784 4 1.75 4h.55c-.192-.375-.3-.8-.3-1.25ZM7.25 9.5H2.5v4.75c0 .138.112.25.25.25h4.5Zm1.5 0v5h4.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V9.5Zm0-4V8h5.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-2a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Zm-7 0a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v2c0 .138.112.25.25.25h5.5V5.5h-5.5Zm3-4a1.25 1.25 0 0 0 0 2.5h2.309c-.233-.818-.542-1.401-.878-1.793-.43-.502-.915-.707-1.431-.707ZM8.941 4h2.309a1.25 1.25 0 0 0 0-2.5c-.516 0-1 .205-1.43.707-.337.392-.646.975-.879 1.793Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="code-square-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-code-square">
    <path d="M0 1.75C0 .784.784 0 1.75 0h12.5C15.216 0 16 .784 16 1.75v12.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 16H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v12.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h12.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Zm7.47 3.97a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l2 2a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-2 2a.749.749 0 0 1-1.275-.326.749.749 0 0 1 .215-.734L10.69 8 9.22 6.53a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06ZM6.78 6.53 5.31 8l1.47 1.47a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215l-2-2a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06l2-2a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

<template id="device-desktop-icon">
  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-device-desktop">
    <path d="M14.25 1c.966 0 1.75.784 1.75 1.75v7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 12h-3.727c.099 1.041.52 1.872 1.292 2.757A.752.752 0 0 1 11.25 16h-6.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.565-1.243c.772-.885 1.192-1.716 1.292-2.757H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 10.25v-7.5C0 1.784.784 1 1.75 1ZM1.75 2.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h12.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-7.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25ZM9.018 12H6.982a5.72 5.72 0 0 1-.765 2.5h3.566a5.72 5.72 0 0 1-.765-2.5Z"></path>
</svg>
</template>

        <div class="position-relative">
                        <ul
              role="listbox"
              class="ActionListWrap QueryBuilder-ListWrap"
              aria-label="Suggestions"
              data-action="
                combobox-commit:query-builder#comboboxCommit
                mousedown:query-builder#resultsMousedown
              "
              data-target="query-builder.resultsList"
              data-persist-list=false
              id="query-builder-test-results"
              tabindex="-1"
            ></ul>

        </div>
      <div class="FormControl-inlineValidation" id="validation-c87a8715-aba7-4c31-b874-e3e1f78048a8" hidden="hidden">
        <span class="FormControl-inlineValidation--visual">
          <svg aria-hidden="true" height="12" viewBox="0 0 12 12" version="1.1" width="12" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-alert-fill">
    <path d="M4.855.708c.5-.896 1.79-.896 2.29 0l4.675 8.351a1.312 1.312 0 0 1-1.146 1.954H1.33A1.313 1.313 0 0 1 .183 9.058ZM7 7V3H5v4Zm-1 3a1 1 0 1 0 0-2 1 1 0 0 0 0 2Z"></path>
</svg>
        </span>
        <span></span>
</div>    </div>
    <div data-target="query-builder.screenReaderFeedback" aria-live="polite" aria-atomic="true" class="sr-only"></div>
</query-builder></form>
          <div class="d-flex flex-row color-fg-muted tmp-px-3 text-small color-bg-default search-feedback-prompt">
            <a target="_blank" href="https://docs.github.com/search-github/github-code-search/understanding-github-code-search-syntax" data-view-component="true" class="Link color-fg-accent text-normal ml-2 tmp-ml-2">Search syntax tips</a>            <div class="d-flex flex-1"></div>
          </div>
        </div>
</div>

    </div>
</modal-dialog></div>
  </div>
  <div data-action="click:qbsearch-input#retract" class="dark-backdrop position-fixed" hidden data-target="qbsearch-input.darkBackdrop"></div>
  <div class="color-fg-default">
    
<dialog-helper>
  <dialog data-target="qbsearch-input.feedbackDialog" data-action="close:qbsearch-input#handleDialogClose cancel:qbsearch-input#handleDialogClose" id="feedback-dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="feedback-dialog-title" aria-describedby="feedback-dialog-description" data-view-component="true" class="Overlay Overlay-whenNarrow Overlay--size-medium Overlay--motion-scaleFade Overlay--disableScroll">
    <div data-view-component="true" class="Overlay-header">
  <div class="Overlay-headerContentWrap">
    <div class="Overlay-titleWrap">
      <h1 class="Overlay-title " id="feedback-dialog-title">
        Provide feedback
      </h1>
        
    </div>
    <div class="Overlay-actionWrap">
      <button data-close-dialog-id="feedback-dialog" aria-label="Close" aria-label="Close" type="button" data-view-component="true" class="close-button Overlay-closeButton"><svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-x">
    <path d="M3.72 3.72a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0L8 6.94l3.22-3.22a.749.749 0 0 1 1.275.326.749.749 0 0 1-.215.734L9.06 8l3.22 3.22a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L8 9.06l-3.22 3.22a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L6.94 8 3.72 4.78a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg></button>
    </div>
  </div>
  
</div>
      <scrollable-region data-labelled-by="feedback-dialog-title">
        <div data-view-component="true" class="Overlay-body">        <!-- '"` --><!-- </textarea></xmp> --></option></form><form id="code-search-feedback-form" data-turbo="false" action="/search/feedback" accept-charset="UTF-8" method="post"><input type="hidden" data-csrf="true" name="authenticity_token" value="sKarL0NKja2AXPTnVYtOm3e5t1PiUcpH9W5K9VhRdnqR18aOWXH9uKw6bxqest/70xXBabE9IQhNOBXjoPrzuw==" />
          <p>We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously.</p>
          <textarea name="feedback" class="form-control width-full mb-2" style="height: 120px" id="feedback"></textarea>
          <input name="include_email" id="include_email" aria-label="Include my email address so I can be contacted" class="form-control mr-2" type="checkbox">
          <label for="include_email" style="font-weight: normal">Include my email address so I can be contacted</label>
</form></div>
      </scrollable-region>
      <div data-view-component="true" class="Overlay-footer Overlay-footer--alignEnd">          <button data-close-dialog-id="feedback-dialog" type="button" data-view-component="true" class="btn">    Cancel
</button>
          <button form="code-search-feedback-form" data-action="click:qbsearch-input#submitFeedback" type="submit" data-view-component="true" class="btn-primary btn">    Submit feedback
</button>
</div>
</dialog></dialog-helper>

    <custom-scopes data-target="qbsearch-input.customScopesManager">
    
<dialog-helper>
  <dialog data-target="custom-scopes.customScopesModalDialog" data-action="close:qbsearch-input#handleDialogClose cancel:qbsearch-input#handleDialogClose" id="custom-scopes-dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="custom-scopes-dialog-title" aria-describedby="custom-scopes-dialog-description" data-view-component="true" class="Overlay Overlay-whenNarrow Overlay--size-medium Overlay--motion-scaleFade Overlay--disableScroll">
    <div data-view-component="true" class="Overlay-header Overlay-header--divided">
  <div class="Overlay-headerContentWrap">
    <div class="Overlay-titleWrap">
      <h1 class="Overlay-title " id="custom-scopes-dialog-title">
        Saved searches
      </h1>
        <h2 id="custom-scopes-dialog-description" class="Overlay-description">Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly</h2>
    </div>
    <div class="Overlay-actionWrap">
      <button data-close-dialog-id="custom-scopes-dialog" aria-label="Close" aria-label="Close" type="button" data-view-component="true" class="close-button Overlay-closeButton"><svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-x">
    <path d="M3.72 3.72a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0L8 6.94l3.22-3.22a.749.749 0 0 1 1.275.326.749.749 0 0 1-.215.734L9.06 8l3.22 3.22a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L8 9.06l-3.22 3.22a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L6.94 8 3.72 4.78a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg></button>
    </div>
  </div>
  
</div>
      <scrollable-region data-labelled-by="custom-scopes-dialog-title">
        <div data-view-component="true" class="Overlay-body">        <div data-target="custom-scopes.customScopesModalDialogFlash"></div>

        <div hidden class="create-custom-scope-form" data-target="custom-scopes.createCustomScopeForm">
        <!-- '"` --><!-- </textarea></xmp> --></option></form><form id="custom-scopes-dialog-form" data-turbo="false" action="/search/custom_scopes" accept-charset="UTF-8" method="post"><input type="hidden" data-csrf="true" name="authenticity_token" value="8JHE7mUJDZVySmNoL1OUahwVgR3l5zJMq9K380UCDjQphyaJNT/L2HNGZG1x5MQv6IVsK+24/TLQm1UDnJGXoA==" />
          <div data-target="custom-scopes.customScopesModalDialogFlash"></div>

          <input type="hidden" id="custom_scope_id" name="custom_scope_id" data-target="custom-scopes.customScopesIdField">

          <div class="form-group">
            <label for="custom_scope_name">Name</label>
            <auto-check src="/search/custom_scopes/check_name" required>
              <input
                type="text"
                name="custom_scope_name"
                id="custom_scope_name"
                data-target="custom-scopes.customScopesNameField"
                class="form-control"
                autocomplete="off"
                placeholder="github-ruby"
                required
                maxlength="50">
              <input type="hidden" data-csrf="true" value="Z/+QrCnWWJ/Bt15Ft/f3i/2kNixTfBD051Poi/gEpuOYZ+EXD3yxqfGJRH9t/0wj10uHXi6E866nGRU2MOgq9g==" />
            </auto-check>
          </div>

          <div class="form-group">
            <label for="custom_scope_query">Query</label>
            <input
              type="text"
              name="custom_scope_query"
              id="custom_scope_query"
              data-target="custom-scopes.customScopesQueryField"
              class="form-control"
              autocomplete="off"
              placeholder="(repo:mona/a OR repo:mona/b) AND lang:python"
              required
              maxlength="500">
          </div>

          <p class="text-small color-fg-muted">
            To see all available qualifiers, see our <a class="Link--inTextBlock" href="https://docs.github.com/search-github/github-code-search/understanding-github-code-search-syntax">documentation</a>.
          </p>
</form>        </div>

        <div data-target="custom-scopes.manageCustomScopesForm">
          <div data-target="custom-scopes.list"></div>
        </div>

</div>
      </scrollable-region>
      <div data-view-component="true" class="Overlay-footer Overlay-footer--alignEnd Overlay-footer--divided">          <button data-action="click:custom-scopes#customScopesCancel" type="button" data-view-component="true" class="btn">    Cancel
</button>
          <button form="custom-scopes-dialog-form" data-action="click:custom-scopes#customScopesSubmit" data-target="custom-scopes.customScopesSubmitButton" type="submit" data-view-component="true" class="btn-primary btn">    Create saved search
</button>
</div>
</dialog></dialog-helper>
    </custom-scopes>
  </div>
</qbsearch-input>


            <div class="position-relative HeaderMenu-link-wrap d-lg-inline-block">
              <a
                href="/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fpimutils%2Fvdirsyncer%2Fblob%2Fc3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459%2FLICENSE"
                class="HeaderMenu-link HeaderMenu-link--sign-in HeaderMenu-button flex-shrink-0 no-underline d-none d-lg-inline-flex border border-lg-0 rounded px-2 py-1"
                style="margin-left: 12px;"
                data-hydro-click="{&quot;event_type&quot;:&quot;authentication.click&quot;,&quot;payload&quot;:{&quot;location_in_page&quot;:&quot;site header menu&quot;,&quot;repository_id&quot;:null,&quot;auth_type&quot;:&quot;SIGN_UP&quot;,&quot;originating_url&quot;:&quot;https://github.com/pimutils/vdirsyncer/blob/c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459/LICENSE&quot;,&quot;user_id&quot;:null}}" data-hydro-click-hmac="b31a9ad818f82ab27204f2d6273a15261bcf73b18c216d8679919e16965f37a9"
                data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Marketing nav&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;click to go to homepage&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;ref_page:Marketing;ref_cta:Sign in;ref_loc:Header&quot;}"
              >
                Sign in
              </a>
            </div>

              <a href="/signup?ref_cta=Sign+up&amp;ref_loc=header+logged+out&amp;ref_page=%2F%3Cuser-name%3E%2F%3Crepo-name%3E%2Fblob%2Fshow&amp;source=header-repo&amp;source_repo=pimutils%2Fvdirsyncer"
                class="HeaderMenu-link HeaderMenu-link--sign-up HeaderMenu-button flex-shrink-0 d-flex d-lg-inline-flex no-underline border color-border-default rounded px-2 py-1"
                data-hydro-click="{&quot;event_type&quot;:&quot;authentication.click&quot;,&quot;payload&quot;:{&quot;location_in_page&quot;:&quot;site header menu&quot;,&quot;repository_id&quot;:null,&quot;auth_type&quot;:&quot;SIGN_UP&quot;,&quot;originating_url&quot;:&quot;https://github.com/pimutils/vdirsyncer/blob/c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459/LICENSE&quot;,&quot;user_id&quot;:null}}" data-hydro-click-hmac="b31a9ad818f82ab27204f2d6273a15261bcf73b18c216d8679919e16965f37a9"
                data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Sign up&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;click to sign up for account&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;ref_page:/&lt;user-name&gt;/&lt;repo-name&gt;/blob/show;ref_cta:Sign up;ref_loc:header logged out&quot;}"
              >
                Sign up
              </a>

                <div class="AppHeader-appearanceSettings">
    <react-partial-anchor>
      <button data-target="react-partial-anchor.anchor" id="icon-button-c4c2a766-2bb9-41f9-812a-c0b995695472" aria-labelledby="tooltip-d74b80ae-bffe-4c9a-98a3-94828216031d" type="button" disabled="disabled" data-view-component="true" class="Button Button--iconOnly Button--invisible Button--medium AppHeader-button HeaderMenu-link border cursor-wait">  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-sliders Button-visual">
    <path d="M15 2.75a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75h-4a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h4a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75Zm-8.5.75v1.25a.75.75 0 0 0 1.5 0v-4a.75.75 0 0 0-1.5 0V2H1.75a.75.75 0 0 0 0 1.5H6.5Zm1.25 5.25a.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5h-6a.75.75 0 0 0 0 1.5h6ZM15 8a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75H11.5V10a.75.75 0 1 1-1.5 0V6a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v1.25h2.75A.75.75 0 0 1 15 8Zm-9 5.25v-2a.75.75 0 0 0-1.5 0v1.25H1.75a.75.75 0 0 0 0 1.5H4.5v1.25a.75.75 0 0 0 1.5 0v-2Zm9 0a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75h-6a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h6a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75Z"></path>
</svg>
</button><tool-tip id="tooltip-d74b80ae-bffe-4c9a-98a3-94828216031d" for="icon-button-c4c2a766-2bb9-41f9-812a-c0b995695472" popover="manual" data-direction="s" data-type="label" data-view-component="true" class="sr-only position-absolute">Appearance settings</tool-tip>

      <template data-target="react-partial-anchor.template">
        <link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/primer-react-css.00ba154d21e54e53.module.css" />
<link crossorigin="anonymous" media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/appearance-settings.202aedbb190e067b.module.css" />

<react-partial
  partial-name="appearance-settings"
  data-ssr="false"
  data-attempted-ssr="false"
  data-react-profiling="false"
>
  
  <script type="application/json" data-target="react-partial.embeddedData">{"props":{}}</script>
  <div data-target="react-partial.reactRoot"></div>
</react-partial>


      </template>
    </react-partial-anchor>
  </div>

          <button type="button" class="sr-only js-header-menu-focus-trap d-block d-lg-none">Resetting focus</button>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</header>

      <div hidden="hidden" data-view-component="true" class="js-stale-session-flash stale-session-flash flash flash-warn flash-full">
  
        <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-alert">
    <path d="M6.457 1.047c.659-1.234 2.427-1.234 3.086 0l6.082 11.378A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.082 15H1.918a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.543-2.575Zm1.763.707a.25.25 0 0 0-.44 0L1.698 13.132a.25.25 0 0 0 .22.368h12.164a.25.25 0 0 0 .22-.368Zm.53 3.996v2.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0v-2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0ZM9 11a1 1 0 1 1-2 0 1 1 0 0 1 2 0Z"></path>
</svg>
        <span class="js-stale-session-flash-signed-in" hidden>You signed in with another tab or window. <a class="Link--inTextBlock" href="">Reload</a> to refresh your session.</span>
        <span class="js-stale-session-flash-signed-out" hidden>You signed out in another tab or window. <a class="Link--inTextBlock" href="">Reload</a> to refresh your session.</span>
        <span class="js-stale-session-flash-switched" hidden>You switched accounts on another tab or window. <a class="Link--inTextBlock" href="">Reload</a> to refresh your session.</span>

    <button id="icon-button-2761e658-815e-42ed-a4be-7c4805dbb38a" aria-labelledby="tooltip-230c73cd-dd55-4ddb-aba2-68bc826592d2" type="button" data-view-component="true" class="Button Button--iconOnly Button--invisible Button--medium flash-close js-flash-close">  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-x Button-visual">
    <path d="M3.72 3.72a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0L8 6.94l3.22-3.22a.749.749 0 0 1 1.275.326.749.749 0 0 1-.215.734L9.06 8l3.22 3.22a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L8 9.06l-3.22 3.22a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L6.94 8 3.72 4.78a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg>
</button><tool-tip id="tooltip-230c73cd-dd55-4ddb-aba2-68bc826592d2" for="icon-button-2761e658-815e-42ed-a4be-7c4805dbb38a" popover="manual" data-direction="s" data-type="label" data-view-component="true" class="sr-only position-absolute">Dismiss alert</tool-tip>


  
</div>
    </div>

  <div id="start-of-content" class="show-on-focus"></div>








    <div id="js-flash-container" class="flash-container" data-turbo-replace>




  <template class="js-flash-template">
    
<div class="flash flash-full   {{ className }}">
  <div >
    <button autofocus class="flash-close js-flash-close" type="button" aria-label="Dismiss this message">
      <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-x">
    <path d="M3.72 3.72a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0L8 6.94l3.22-3.22a.749.749 0 0 1 1.275.326.749.749 0 0 1-.215.734L9.06 8l3.22 3.22a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L8 9.06l-3.22 3.22a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L6.94 8 3.72 4.78a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg>
    </button>
    <div aria-atomic="true" role="alert" class="js-flash-alert">
      
      <div>{{ message }}</div>

    </div>
  </div>
</div>
  </template>
</div>


    






  <div
    class="application-main "
    data-commit-hovercards-enabled
    data-discussion-hovercards-enabled
    data-issue-and-pr-hovercards-enabled
    data-project-hovercards-enabled
  >
        <div itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/SoftwareSourceCode" class="">
    <main id="js-repo-pjax-container" >
      
      
    

    






  

  <div id="repository-container-header"  class="tmp-pt-3 hide-full-screen" style="background-color: var(--page-header-bgColor, var(--color-page-header-bg));" data-turbo-replace>

      <div class="d-flex flex-nowrap flex-justify-end tmp-mb-3  tmp-px-3 tmp-px-lg-5" style="gap: 1rem;">

        <div class="flex-auto min-width-0 width-fit">
            
  <div class=" d-flex flex-wrap flex-items-center wb-break-word f3 text-normal">
      <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-repo color-fg-muted mr-2 tmp-mr-2">
    <path d="M2 2.5A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 4.5 0h8.75a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v12.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.75.75h-2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.5h1.75v-2h-8a1 1 0 0 0-.714 1.7.75.75 0 1 1-1.072 1.05A2.495 2.495 0 0 1 2 11.5Zm10.5-1h-8a1 1 0 0 0-1 1v6.708A2.486 2.486 0 0 1 4.5 9h8ZM5 12.25a.25.25 0 0 1 .25-.25h3.5a.25.25 0 0 1 .25.25v3.25a.25.25 0 0 1-.4.2l-1.45-1.087a.249.249 0 0 0-.3 0L5.4 15.7a.25.25 0 0 1-.4-.2Z"></path>
</svg>
    
    <span class="author flex-self-stretch" itemprop="author">
      <a class="url fn" rel="author" data-hovercard-type="organization" data-hovercard-url="/orgs/pimutils/hovercard" data-octo-click="hovercard-link-click" data-octo-dimensions="link_type:self" href="/pimutils">
        pimutils
</a>    </span>
    <span class="mx-1 flex-self-stretch color-fg-muted">/</span>
    <strong itemprop="name" class="mr-2 flex-self-stretch">
      <a data-pjax="#repo-content-pjax-container" data-turbo-frame="repo-content-turbo-frame" href="/pimutils/vdirsyncer">vdirsyncer</a>
    </strong>

    <span></span><span class="Label Label--secondary v-align-middle mr-1">Public</span>
  </div>


        </div>

        <div id="repository-details-container" class="flex-shrink-0" data-turbo-replace style="max-width: 70%;">
            <ul class="pagehead-actions flex-shrink-0 d-none d-md-inline" style="padding: 2px 0;">
    
      

  <li>
            <a href="/login?return_to=%2Fpimutils%2Fvdirsyncer" rel="nofollow" id="repository-details-watch-button" data-hydro-click="{&quot;event_type&quot;:&quot;authentication.click&quot;,&quot;payload&quot;:{&quot;location_in_page&quot;:&quot;notification subscription menu watch&quot;,&quot;repository_id&quot;:null,&quot;auth_type&quot;:&quot;LOG_IN&quot;,&quot;originating_url&quot;:&quot;https://github.com/pimutils/vdirsyncer/blob/c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459/LICENSE&quot;,&quot;user_id&quot;:null}}" data-hydro-click-hmac="748cbbb33572d410ff0643888d6990930c7329e3a9b06c4c74711603eb9a6b6c" aria-label="You must be signed in to change notification settings" data-view-component="true" class="btn-sm btn">    <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-bell mr-2 tmp-mr-2">
    <path d="M8 16a2 2 0 0 0 1.985-1.75c.017-.137-.097-.25-.235-.25h-3.5c-.138 0-.252.113-.235.25A2 2 0 0 0 8 16ZM3 5a5 5 0 0 1 10 0v2.947c0 .05.015.098.042.139l1.703 2.555A1.519 1.519 0 0 1 13.482 13H2.518a1.516 1.516 0 0 1-1.263-2.36l1.703-2.554A.255.255 0 0 0 3 7.947Zm5-3.5A3.5 3.5 0 0 0 4.5 5v2.947c0 .346-.102.683-.294.97l-1.703 2.556a.017.017 0 0 0-.003.01l.001.006c0 .002.002.004.004.006l.006.004.007.001h10.964l.007-.001.006-.004.004-.006.001-.007a.017.017 0 0 0-.003-.01l-1.703-2.554a1.745 1.745 0 0 1-.294-.97V5A3.5 3.5 0 0 0 8 1.5Z"></path>
</svg>Notifications
</a>    <tool-tip id="tooltip-9537a182-5100-44c8-a37d-8f0d8545dc05" for="repository-details-watch-button" popover="manual" data-direction="s" data-type="description" data-view-component="true" class="sr-only position-absolute">You must be signed in to change notification settings</tool-tip>

  </li>

  <li>
          <a icon="repo-forked" id="fork-button" href="/login?return_to=%2Fpimutils%2Fvdirsyncer" rel="nofollow" data-hydro-click="{&quot;event_type&quot;:&quot;authentication.click&quot;,&quot;payload&quot;:{&quot;location_in_page&quot;:&quot;repo details fork button&quot;,&quot;repository_id&quot;:16865424,&quot;auth_type&quot;:&quot;LOG_IN&quot;,&quot;originating_url&quot;:&quot;https://github.com/pimutils/vdirsyncer/blob/c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459/LICENSE&quot;,&quot;user_id&quot;:null}}" data-hydro-click-hmac="4ed251bec470b4a010f4bfb395c2641fb94d64dcc1036ea9a85f5016c47b6069" data-view-component="true" class="btn-sm btn">    <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-repo-forked mr-2 tmp-mr-2">
    <path d="M5 5.372v.878c0 .414.336.75.75.75h4.5a.75.75 0 0 0 .75-.75v-.878a2.25 2.25 0 1 1 1.5 0v.878a2.25 2.25 0 0 1-2.25 2.25h-1.5v2.128a2.251 2.251 0 1 1-1.5 0V8.5h-1.5A2.25 2.25 0 0 1 3.5 6.25v-.878a2.25 2.25 0 1 1 1.5 0ZM5 3.25a.75.75 0 1 0-1.5 0 .75.75 0 0 0 1.5 0Zm6.75.75a.75.75 0 1 0 0-1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0 1.5Zm-3 8.75a.75.75 0 1 0-1.5 0 .75.75 0 0 0 1.5 0Z"></path>
</svg>Fork
    <span id="repo-network-counter" data-pjax-replace="true" data-turbo-replace="true" title="182" data-view-component="true" class="Counter">182</span>
</a>
  </li>

  <li>
        <div data-view-component="true" class="BtnGroup d-flex">
        <a href="/login?return_to=%2Fpimutils%2Fvdirsyncer" rel="nofollow" data-hydro-click="{&quot;event_type&quot;:&quot;authentication.click&quot;,&quot;payload&quot;:{&quot;location_in_page&quot;:&quot;star button&quot;,&quot;repository_id&quot;:16865424,&quot;auth_type&quot;:&quot;LOG_IN&quot;,&quot;originating_url&quot;:&quot;https://github.com/pimutils/vdirsyncer/blob/c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459/LICENSE&quot;,&quot;user_id&quot;:null}}" data-hydro-click-hmac="fa30348d3aa9cba94fa9c30f61a6a67f6b509da99b334c79a46fa9769e91f940" aria-label="You must be signed in to star a repository" data-view-component="true" class="tooltipped tooltipped-sw btn-sm btn">    <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-star v-align-text-bottom d-inline-block mr-2 tmp-mr-2">
    <path d="M8 .25a.75.75 0 0 1 .673.418l1.882 3.815 4.21.612a.75.75 0 0 1 .416 1.279l-3.046 2.97.719 4.192a.751.751 0 0 1-1.088.791L8 12.347l-3.766 1.98a.75.75 0 0 1-1.088-.79l.72-4.194L.818 6.374a.75.75 0 0 1 .416-1.28l4.21-.611L7.327.668A.75.75 0 0 1 8 .25Zm0 2.445L6.615 5.5a.75.75 0 0 1-.564.41l-3.097.45 2.24 2.184a.75.75 0 0 1 .216.664l-.528 3.084 2.769-1.456a.75.75 0 0 1 .698 0l2.77 1.456-.53-3.084a.75.75 0 0 1 .216-.664l2.24-2.183-3.096-.45a.75.75 0 0 1-.564-.41L8 2.694Z"></path>
</svg><span data-view-component="true" class="d-inline">
          Star
</span>          <span id="repo-stars-counter-star" aria-label="1815 users starred this repository" data-singular-suffix="user starred this repository" data-plural-suffix="users starred this repository" data-turbo-replace="true" title="1,815" data-view-component="true" class="Counter js-social-count">1.8k</span>
</a></div>
  </li>

</ul>

        </div>
      </div>

        <div id="responsive-meta-container" data-turbo-replace>
</div>


          <nav data-pjax="#js-repo-pjax-container" aria-label="Repository" data-view-component="true" class="js-repo-nav js-sidenav-container-pjax js-responsive-underlinenav overflow-hidden UnderlineNav px-3 tmp-px-3 px-md-4 tmp-px-md-4 px-lg-5 tmp-px-lg-5">

  <ul data-view-component="true" class="UnderlineNav-body list-style-none">
      <li data-view-component="true" class="d-inline-flex">
  <a id="code-tab" href="/pimutils/vdirsyncer" data-tab-item="i0code-tab" data-selected-links="repo_source repo_downloads repo_commits repo_releases repo_tags repo_branches repo_packages repo_deployments repo_attestations /pimutils/vdirsyncer" data-pjax="#repo-content-pjax-container" data-turbo-frame="repo-content-turbo-frame" data-hotkey="g c" data-command-id="repositories:go-to-code" data-react-nav="code-view" data-react-nav-anchor="code-view-repo-link" data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Underline navbar&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;Click tab&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;Code&quot;,&quot;target&quot;:&quot;UNDERLINE_NAV.TAB&quot;}" aria-current="page" data-view-component="true" class="UnderlineNav-item no-wrap js-responsive-underlinenav-item js-selected-navigation-item selected">
    
              <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-code UnderlineNav-octicon d-none d-sm-inline">
    <path d="m11.28 3.22 4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.749.749 0 0 1-1.275-.326.749.749 0 0 1 .215-.734L13.94 8l-3.72-3.72a.749.749 0 0 1 .326-1.275.749.749 0 0 1 .734.215Zm-6.56 0a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042L2.06 8l3.72 3.72a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L.47 8.53a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg>
        <span data-content="Code">Code</span>
          <span id="code-repo-tab-count" data-pjax-replace="" data-turbo-replace="" title="Not available" data-view-component="true" class="Counter"></span>


    
</a></li>
      <li data-view-component="true" class="d-inline-flex">
  <a id="issues-tab" href="/pimutils/vdirsyncer/issues" data-tab-item="i1issues-tab" data-selected-links="repo_issues repo_labels repo_milestones /pimutils/vdirsyncer/issues" data-pjax="#repo-content-pjax-container" data-turbo-frame="repo-content-turbo-frame" data-hotkey="g i" data-command-id="repositories:go-to-issues" data-react-nav="issues-react" data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Underline navbar&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;Click tab&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;Issues&quot;,&quot;target&quot;:&quot;UNDERLINE_NAV.TAB&quot;}" data-view-component="true" class="UnderlineNav-item no-wrap js-responsive-underlinenav-item js-selected-navigation-item">
    
              <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-issue-opened UnderlineNav-octicon d-none d-sm-inline">
    <path d="M8 9.5a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Z"></path><path d="M8 0a8 8 0 1 1 0 16A8 8 0 0 1 8 0ZM1.5 8a6.5 6.5 0 1 0 13 0 6.5 6.5 0 0 0-13 0Z"></path>
</svg>
        <span data-content="Issues">Issues</span>
          <span id="issues-repo-tab-count" data-pjax-replace="" data-turbo-replace="" title="197" data-view-component="true" class="Counter">197</span>


    
</a></li>
      <li data-view-component="true" class="d-inline-flex">
  <a id="pull-requests-tab" href="/pimutils/vdirsyncer/pulls" data-tab-item="i2pull-requests-tab" data-selected-links="repo_pulls checks /pimutils/vdirsyncer/pulls" data-pjax="#repo-content-pjax-container" data-turbo-frame="repo-content-turbo-frame" data-hotkey="g p" data-command-id="repositories:go-to-pull-requests" data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Underline navbar&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;Click tab&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;Pull requests&quot;,&quot;target&quot;:&quot;UNDERLINE_NAV.TAB&quot;}" data-view-component="true" class="UnderlineNav-item no-wrap js-responsive-underlinenav-item js-selected-navigation-item">
    
              <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-git-pull-request UnderlineNav-octicon d-none d-sm-inline">
    <path d="M1.5 3.25a2.25 2.25 0 1 1 3 2.122v5.256a2.251 2.251 0 1 1-1.5 0V5.372A2.25 2.25 0 0 1 1.5 3.25Zm5.677-.177L9.573.677A.25.25 0 0 1 10 .854V2.5h1A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 13.5 5v5.628a2.251 2.251 0 1 1-1.5 0V5a1 1 0 0 0-1-1h-1v1.646a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L7.177 3.427a.25.25 0 0 1 0-.354ZM3.75 2.5a.75.75 0 1 0 0 1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5Zm0 9.5a.75.75 0 1 0 0 1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5Zm8.25.75a.75.75 0 1 0 1.5 0 .75.75 0 0 0-1.5 0Z"></path>
</svg>
        <span data-content="Pull requests">Pull requests</span>
          <span id="pull-requests-repo-tab-count" data-pjax-replace="" data-turbo-replace="" title="19" data-view-component="true" class="Counter">19</span>


    
</a></li>
      <li data-view-component="true" class="d-inline-flex">
  <a id="actions-tab" href="/pimutils/vdirsyncer/actions" data-tab-item="i3actions-tab" data-selected-links="repo_actions /pimutils/vdirsyncer/actions" data-pjax="#repo-content-pjax-container" data-turbo-frame="repo-content-turbo-frame" data-hotkey="g a" data-command-id="repositories:go-to-actions" data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Underline navbar&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;Click tab&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;Actions&quot;,&quot;target&quot;:&quot;UNDERLINE_NAV.TAB&quot;}" data-view-component="true" class="UnderlineNav-item no-wrap js-responsive-underlinenav-item js-selected-navigation-item">
    
              <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-play UnderlineNav-octicon d-none d-sm-inline">
    <path d="M8 0a8 8 0 1 1 0 16A8 8 0 0 1 8 0ZM1.5 8a6.5 6.5 0 1 0 13 0 6.5 6.5 0 0 0-13 0Zm4.879-2.773 4.264 2.559a.25.25 0 0 1 0 .428l-4.264 2.559A.25.25 0 0 1 6 10.559V5.442a.25.25 0 0 1 .379-.215Z"></path>
</svg>
        <span data-content="Actions">Actions</span>
          <span id="actions-repo-tab-count" data-pjax-replace="" data-turbo-replace="" title="Not available" data-view-component="true" class="Counter"></span>


    
</a></li>
      <li data-view-component="true" class="d-inline-flex">
  <a id="security-and-quality-tab" href="/pimutils/vdirsyncer/security" data-tab-item="i4security-and-quality-tab" data-selected-links="security overview alerts policy token_scanning code_scanning /pimutils/vdirsyncer/security" data-pjax="#repo-content-pjax-container" data-turbo-frame="repo-content-turbo-frame" data-hotkey="g s" data-command-id="repositories:go-to-security" data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Underline navbar&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;Click tab&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;Security and quality&quot;,&quot;target&quot;:&quot;UNDERLINE_NAV.TAB&quot;}" data-view-component="true" class="UnderlineNav-item no-wrap js-responsive-underlinenav-item js-selected-navigation-item">
    
              <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-shield UnderlineNav-octicon d-none d-sm-inline">
    <path d="M7.467.133a1.748 1.748 0 0 1 1.066 0l5.25 1.68A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 15 3.48V7c0 1.566-.32 3.182-1.303 4.682-.983 1.498-2.585 2.813-5.032 3.855a1.697 1.697 0 0 1-1.33 0c-2.447-1.042-4.049-2.357-5.032-3.855C1.32 10.182 1 8.566 1 7V3.48a1.75 1.75 0 0 1 1.217-1.667Zm.61 1.429a.25.25 0 0 0-.153 0l-5.25 1.68a.25.25 0 0 0-.174.238V7c0 1.358.275 2.666 1.057 3.86.784 1.194 2.121 2.34 4.366 3.297a.196.196 0 0 0 .154 0c2.245-.956 3.582-2.104 4.366-3.298C13.225 9.666 13.5 8.36 13.5 7V3.48a.251.251 0 0 0-.174-.237l-5.25-1.68ZM8.75 4.75v3a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0v-3a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0ZM9 10.5a1 1 0 1 1-2 0 1 1 0 0 1 2 0Z"></path>
</svg>
        <span data-content="Security and quality">Security and quality</span>
          <span id="security-and-quality-repo-tab-count" data-pjax-replace="" data-turbo-replace="" title="0" hidden="hidden" data-view-component="true" class="Counter">0</span>


    
</a></li>
      <li data-view-component="true" class="d-inline-flex">
  <a id="insights-tab" href="/pimutils/vdirsyncer/pulse" data-tab-item="i5insights-tab" data-selected-links="repo_graphs repo_contributors dependency_graph dependabot_updates pulse people community /pimutils/vdirsyncer/pulse" data-pjax="#repo-content-pjax-container" data-turbo-frame="repo-content-turbo-frame" data-command-id="repositories:go-to-insights" data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Underline navbar&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;Click tab&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;Insights&quot;,&quot;target&quot;:&quot;UNDERLINE_NAV.TAB&quot;}" data-view-component="true" class="UnderlineNav-item no-wrap js-responsive-underlinenav-item js-selected-navigation-item">
    
              <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-graph UnderlineNav-octicon d-none d-sm-inline">
    <path d="M1.5 1.75V13.5h13.75a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5H.75a.75.75 0 0 1-.75-.75V1.75a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0Zm14.28 2.53-5.25 5.25a.75.75 0 0 1-1.06 0L7 7.06 4.28 9.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.25-3.25a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0L10 7.94l4.72-4.72a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042Z"></path>
</svg>
        <span data-content="Insights">Insights</span>
          <span id="insights-repo-tab-count" data-pjax-replace="" data-turbo-replace="" title="Not available" data-view-component="true" class="Counter"></span>


    
</a></li>
</ul>
    <div style="visibility:hidden;" data-view-component="true" class="UnderlineNav-actions js-responsive-underlinenav-overflow position-absolute pr-3 tmp-pr-3 pr-md-4 tmp-pr-md-4 pr-lg-5 tmp-pr-lg-5 right-0">      <action-menu data-select-variant="none" data-view-component="true">
  <focus-group direction="vertical" mnemonics retain>
    <button id="action-menu-1c81181a-161c-44e1-9c5d-0fbb968580e6-button" popovertarget="action-menu-1c81181a-161c-44e1-9c5d-0fbb968580e6-overlay" aria-controls="action-menu-1c81181a-161c-44e1-9c5d-0fbb968580e6-list" aria-haspopup="true" aria-labelledby="tooltip-0ea7b12a-7595-41b0-9597-3fb24f835156" type="button" data-view-component="true" class="Button Button--iconOnly Button--secondary Button--medium UnderlineNav-item">  <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-kebab-horizontal Button-visual">
    <path d="M8 9a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3ZM1.5 9a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Zm13 0a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Z"></path>
</svg>
</button><tool-tip id="tooltip-0ea7b12a-7595-41b0-9597-3fb24f835156" for="action-menu-1c81181a-161c-44e1-9c5d-0fbb968580e6-button" popover="manual" data-direction="s" data-type="label" data-view-component="true" class="sr-only position-absolute">Additional navigation options</tool-tip>


<anchored-position data-target="action-menu.overlay" id="action-menu-1c81181a-161c-44e1-9c5d-0fbb968580e6-overlay" anchor="action-menu-1c81181a-161c-44e1-9c5d-0fbb968580e6-button" align="start" side="outside-bottom" anchor-offset="normal" popover="auto" data-view-component="true">
  <div data-view-component="true" class="Overlay Overlay--size-auto">
    
      <div data-view-component="true" class="Overlay-body Overlay-body--paddingNone">          <action-list>
  <div data-view-component="true">
    <ul aria-labelledby="action-menu-1c81181a-161c-44e1-9c5d-0fbb968580e6-button" id="action-menu-1c81181a-161c-44e1-9c5d-0fbb968580e6-list" role="menu" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListWrap--inset ActionListWrap">
        <li hidden="hidden" data-menu-item="i0code-tab" data-targets="action-list.items" role="none" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem">
    
    
    <a tabindex="-1" id="item-55079ddb-c627-470c-b1dc-a85d8f07d0dc" href="/pimutils/vdirsyncer" role="menuitem" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListContent ActionListContent--visual16">
        <span class="ActionListItem-visual ActionListItem-visual--leading">
          <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-code">
    <path d="m11.28 3.22 4.25 4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-4.25 4.25a.749.749 0 0 1-1.275-.326.749.749 0 0 1 .215-.734L13.94 8l-3.72-3.72a.749.749 0 0 1 .326-1.275.749.749 0 0 1 .734.215Zm-6.56 0a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042L2.06 8l3.72 3.72a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L.47 8.53a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg>
        </span>
      
        <span data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem-label">
          Code
</span>      
</a>
  
</li>
        <li hidden="hidden" data-menu-item="i1issues-tab" data-targets="action-list.items" role="none" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem">
    
    
    <a tabindex="-1" id="item-9523cd3e-3813-4280-82f0-d568a0b6cf88" href="/pimutils/vdirsyncer/issues" role="menuitem" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListContent ActionListContent--visual16">
        <span class="ActionListItem-visual ActionListItem-visual--leading">
          <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-issue-opened">
    <path d="M8 9.5a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Z"></path><path d="M8 0a8 8 0 1 1 0 16A8 8 0 0 1 8 0ZM1.5 8a6.5 6.5 0 1 0 13 0 6.5 6.5 0 0 0-13 0Z"></path>
</svg>
        </span>
      
        <span data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem-label">
          Issues
</span>      
</a>
  
</li>
        <li hidden="hidden" data-menu-item="i2pull-requests-tab" data-targets="action-list.items" role="none" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem">
    
    
    <a tabindex="-1" id="item-7422c6fb-4f60-4650-b792-6f5bba42e855" href="/pimutils/vdirsyncer/pulls" role="menuitem" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListContent ActionListContent--visual16">
        <span class="ActionListItem-visual ActionListItem-visual--leading">
          <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-git-pull-request">
    <path d="M1.5 3.25a2.25 2.25 0 1 1 3 2.122v5.256a2.251 2.251 0 1 1-1.5 0V5.372A2.25 2.25 0 0 1 1.5 3.25Zm5.677-.177L9.573.677A.25.25 0 0 1 10 .854V2.5h1A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 13.5 5v5.628a2.251 2.251 0 1 1-1.5 0V5a1 1 0 0 0-1-1h-1v1.646a.25.25 0 0 1-.427.177L7.177 3.427a.25.25 0 0 1 0-.354ZM3.75 2.5a.75.75 0 1 0 0 1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5Zm0 9.5a.75.75 0 1 0 0 1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5Zm8.25.75a.75.75 0 1 0 1.5 0 .75.75 0 0 0-1.5 0Z"></path>
</svg>
        </span>
      
        <span data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem-label">
          Pull requests
</span>      
</a>
  
</li>
        <li hidden="hidden" data-menu-item="i3actions-tab" data-targets="action-list.items" role="none" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem">
    
    
    <a tabindex="-1" id="item-20ca2123-401f-40b8-bdc5-482fb8c27429" href="/pimutils/vdirsyncer/actions" role="menuitem" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListContent ActionListContent--visual16">
        <span class="ActionListItem-visual ActionListItem-visual--leading">
          <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-play">
    <path d="M8 0a8 8 0 1 1 0 16A8 8 0 0 1 8 0ZM1.5 8a6.5 6.5 0 1 0 13 0 6.5 6.5 0 0 0-13 0Zm4.879-2.773 4.264 2.559a.25.25 0 0 1 0 .428l-4.264 2.559A.25.25 0 0 1 6 10.559V5.442a.25.25 0 0 1 .379-.215Z"></path>
</svg>
        </span>
      
        <span data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem-label">
          Actions
</span>      
</a>
  
</li>
        <li hidden="hidden" data-menu-item="i4security-and-quality-tab" data-targets="action-list.items" role="none" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem">
    
    
    <a tabindex="-1" id="item-4e6e5f0f-f6f4-415e-ac4f-c33ce82e1814" href="/pimutils/vdirsyncer/security" role="menuitem" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListContent ActionListContent--visual16">
        <span class="ActionListItem-visual ActionListItem-visual--leading">
          <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-shield">
    <path d="M7.467.133a1.748 1.748 0 0 1 1.066 0l5.25 1.68A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 15 3.48V7c0 1.566-.32 3.182-1.303 4.682-.983 1.498-2.585 2.813-5.032 3.855a1.697 1.697 0 0 1-1.33 0c-2.447-1.042-4.049-2.357-5.032-3.855C1.32 10.182 1 8.566 1 7V3.48a1.75 1.75 0 0 1 1.217-1.667Zm.61 1.429a.25.25 0 0 0-.153 0l-5.25 1.68a.25.25 0 0 0-.174.238V7c0 1.358.275 2.666 1.057 3.86.784 1.194 2.121 2.34 4.366 3.297a.196.196 0 0 0 .154 0c2.245-.956 3.582-2.104 4.366-3.298C13.225 9.666 13.5 8.36 13.5 7V3.48a.251.251 0 0 0-.174-.237l-5.25-1.68ZM8.75 4.75v3a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0v-3a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0ZM9 10.5a1 1 0 1 1-2 0 1 1 0 0 1 2 0Z"></path>
</svg>
        </span>
      
        <span data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem-label">
          Security and quality
</span>      
</a>
  
</li>
        <li hidden="hidden" data-menu-item="i5insights-tab" data-targets="action-list.items" role="none" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem">
    
    
    <a tabindex="-1" id="item-6073c6a6-195c-42dc-b019-b9610995c542" href="/pimutils/vdirsyncer/pulse" role="menuitem" data-view-component="true" class="ActionListContent ActionListContent--visual16">
        <span class="ActionListItem-visual ActionListItem-visual--leading">
          <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-graph">
    <path d="M1.5 1.75V13.5h13.75a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5H.75a.75.75 0 0 1-.75-.75V1.75a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0Zm14.28 2.53-5.25 5.25a.75.75 0 0 1-1.06 0L7 7.06 4.28 9.78a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042l3.25-3.25a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0L10 7.94l4.72-4.72a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042Z"></path>
</svg>
        </span>
      
        <span data-view-component="true" class="ActionListItem-label">
          Insights
</span>      
</a>
  
</li>
</ul>    
</div></action-list>


</div>
      
</div></anchored-position>  </focus-group>
</action-menu></div>
</nav>

  </div>
  



<turbo-frame id="repo-content-turbo-frame" target="_top" data-turbo-action="advance" class="">
    <div id="repo-content-pjax-container" class="repository-content " >
    



    
      
    








<react-app
  app-name="code-view"
  initial-path="/pimutils/vdirsyncer/blob/c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459/LICENSE"
  style="display: block; min-height: calc(100vh - 64px);"
  data-attempted-ssr="true"
  data-ssr="true"
  data-lazy="false"
  data-alternate="false"
  data-data-router-enabled="true"
  data-react-profiling="false"
>
  
  <script type="application/json" data-target="react-app.embeddedData">{"payload":{"codeViewBlobRoute":{"csv":null,"csvError":null,"headerInfo":{"toc":null},"issueTemplate":null,"discussionTemplate":null,"richText":null,"richTextTruncated":false,"renderedFileInfo":null,"symbols":{"timed_out":false,"not_analyzed":true,"symbols":[]}},"codeViewLayoutRoute":{"repo":{"id":16865424,"defaultBranch":"main","name":"vdirsyncer","ownerLogin":"pimutils","currentUserCanPush":false,"isFork":false,"isEmpty":false,"createdAt":"2014-02-15T15:33:41.000Z","ownerAvatar":"https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/17852924?v=4","public":true,"private":false,"isOrgOwned":true},"currentUser":null,"uploadToken":"I1js1TmpoReNNQTbwNrW4rQ9md9vgXuNBF1ml5ga8y15sMzASvtXPEaOQGx8XlD28fY3TocBDu63dPFyqF7_1w","allShortcutsEnabled":false,"treeExpanded":true,"path":"LICENSE","symbolsExpanded":false,"refInfo":{"name":"c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459","listCacheKey":"v0:1762475237.0","canEdit":false,"currentOid":"c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459"},"helpUrl":"https://docs.github.com","findFileWorkerPath":"/assets-cdn/worker/find-file-worker-378c581dbdb2429c.js","findInFileWorkerPath":"/assets-cdn/worker/find-in-file-worker-82470c2dd86b326d.js","githubDevUrl":null},"codeViewFileTreeLayoutRoute":{"fileTree":{"":{"items":[{"name":".builds","path":".builds","contentType":"directory"},{"name":"contrib","path":"contrib","contentType":"directory"},{"name":"docs","path":"docs","contentType":"directory"},{"name":"scripts","path":"scripts","contentType":"directory"},{"name":"tests","path":"tests","contentType":"directory"},{"name":"vdirsyncer","path":"vdirsyncer","contentType":"directory"},{"name":".codecov.yml","path":".codecov.yml","contentType":"file"},{"name":".coveragerc","path":".coveragerc","contentType":"file"},{"name":".envrc","path":".envrc","contentType":"file"},{"name":".gitignore","path":".gitignore","contentType":"file"},{"name":".pre-commit-config.yaml","path":".pre-commit-config.yaml","contentType":"file"},{"name":".readthedocs.yaml","path":".readthedocs.yaml","contentType":"file"},{"name":"AUTHORS.rst","path":"AUTHORS.rst","contentType":"file"},{"name":"CHANGELOG.rst","path":"CHANGELOG.rst","contentType":"file"},{"name":"CODE_OF_CONDUCT.rst","path":"CODE_OF_CONDUCT.rst","contentType":"file"},{"name":"CONTRIBUTING.rst","path":"CONTRIBUTING.rst","contentType":"file"},{"name":"ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md","path":"ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md","contentType":"file"},{"name":"LICENSE","path":"LICENSE","contentType":"file"},{"name":"MANIFEST.in","path":"MANIFEST.in","contentType":"file"},{"name":"Makefile","path":"Makefile","contentType":"file"},{"name":"README.rst","path":"README.rst","contentType":"file"},{"name":"config.example","path":"config.example","contentType":"file"},{"name":"publish-release.yaml","path":"publish-release.yaml","contentType":"file"},{"name":"pyproject.toml","path":"pyproject.toml","contentType":"file"}],"totalCount":24}},"fileTreeProcessingTime":39.342604,"foldersToFetch":[]},"codeViewBlobLayoutRoute":{"codeLineWrapEnabled":false,"refInfo":{"name":"c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459","listCacheKey":"v0:1762475237.0","canEdit":false,"refType":"tree","currentOid":"c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459","canEditOnDefaultBranch":false,"fileExistsOnDefault":true},"path":"LICENSE","blob":{"copilotSWEAgentEnabled":false,"dependabotInfo":{"showConfigurationBanner":false,"configFilePath":null,"networkDependabotPath":"/pimutils/vdirsyncer/network/updates","dismissConfigurationNoticePath":"/settings/dismiss-notice/dependabot_configuration_notice","configurationNoticeDismissed":null},"displayName":"LICENSE","displayUrl":"https://github.com/pimutils/vdirsyncer/blob/c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459/LICENSE?raw=true","headerInfo":{"blobSize":"1.56 KB","deleteTooltip":"You must be signed in to make or propose changes","editTooltip":"You must be signed in to make or propose changes","ghDesktopPath":null,"isGitLfs":false,"onBranch":false,"shortPath":"75489cc","siteNavLoginPath":"/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fpimutils%2Fvdirsyncer%2Fblob%2Fc3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459%2FLICENSE","isCSV":false,"isRichtext":false,"lineInfo":{"truncatedLoc":"33","truncatedSloc":"27"},"mode":"file"},"image":false,"isCodeownersFile":null,"isPlain":false,"isValidLegacyIssueTemplate":false,"isIssueTemplate":false,"isDiscussionTemplate":false,"language":"Text","languageID":372,"large":false,"planSupportInfo":{"repoIsFork":null,"repoOwnedByCurrentUser":null,"requestFullPath":"/pimutils/vdirsyncer/blob/c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459/LICENSE","showFreeOrgGatedFeatureMessage":null,"showPlanSupportBanner":null,"upgradeDataAttributes":null,"upgradePath":null},"publishBannersInfo":{"dismissActionNoticePath":"/settings/dismiss-notice/publish_action_from_dockerfile","releasePath":"/pimutils/vdirsyncer/releases/new?marketplace=true","showPublishActionBanner":false},"rawBlobUrl":"https://github.com/pimutils/vdirsyncer/raw/c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459/LICENSE","renderImageOrRaw":false,"shortPath":null,"symbolsEnabled":true,"tabSize":4,"topBannersInfo":{"overridingGlobalFundingFile":false,"globalPreferredFundingPath":null,"showInvalidCitationWarning":false,"citationHelpUrl":"https://docs.github.com/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-on-github/about-citation-files","actionsOnboardingTip":null},"truncated":false,"viewable":true,"workflowRedirectUrl":null},"copilotInfo":null,"copilotAccessAllowed":false,"copilotSpacesEnabled":false,"modelsAccessAllowed":false,"modelsRepoIntegrationEnabled":false,"isMarketplaceEnabled":true},"codeViewBlobLayoutRoute.StyledBlob":{"rawLines":["Copyright (c) 2014-2020 by Markus Unterwaditzer \u0026 contributors. See","AUTHORS.rst for more details.","","Some rights reserved.","","Redistribution and use in source and binary forms of the software as well","as documentation, with or without modification, are permitted provided","that the following conditions are met:","","* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright","  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.","","* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above","  copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following","  disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided","  with the distribution.","","* The names of the contributors may not be used to endorse or","  promote products derived from this software without specific","  prior written permission.","","THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND","CONTRIBUTORS \"AS IS\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT","NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR","A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER","OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,","EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,","PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR","PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF","LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING","NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS","SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH","DAMAGE."],"stylingDirectives":[[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[]],"colorizedLines":null}},"title":"vdirsyncer/LICENSE at c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459 · pimutils/vdirsyncer","appPayload":{},"meta":{"title":"vdirsyncer/LICENSE at c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459 · pimutils/vdirsyncer"}}</script>
  <div data-target="react-app.reactRoot"><meta name="github-code-view-meta-stats" id="github-code-view-meta-stats" data-hydrostats="publish"/> <!-- --> <a hidden="" id="code-view-repo-link" href="/pimutils/vdirsyncer" data-discover="true"></a> <div class="d-none"></div><div><div style="--spacing:var(--spacing-none)" class="prc-PageLayout-PageLayoutRoot--KH-d"><div class="prc-PageLayout-PageLayoutWrapper-2BhU2" data-width="full"><div class="prc-PageLayout-PageLayoutContent-BneH9"><div class="CodeViewFileTreeLayout-module__sidebar__n_Aau" tabindex="0"><div class="prc-PageLayout-PaneWrapper-pHPop ReposFileTreePane-module__Pane__rBZpI ReposFileTreePane-module__HideTree__AYZnm ReposFileTreePane-module__HidePane__VHAVt" style="--offset-header:0px;--spacing-row:var(--spacing-none);--spacing-column:var(--spacing-none)" data-is-hidden="false" data-position="start" data-sticky="true"><div class="prc-PageLayout-HorizontalDivider-JLVqp prc-PageLayout-PaneHorizontalDivider-9tbnE" data-variant-regular="none" data-variant-narrow="none" data-position="start" style="--spacing-divider:var(--spacing-none);--spacing:var(--spacing-none)"></div><div class="prc-PageLayout-Pane-AyzHK" data-resizable="true" style="--spacing:var(--spacing-none);--pane-min-width:256px;--pane-max-width:calc(100vw - var(--pane-max-width-diff));--pane-width-size:var(--pane-width-large);--pane-width:320px"></div><div class="prc-PageLayout-VerticalDivider-9QRmK prc-PageLayout-PaneVerticalDivider-le57g" data-variant-narrow="none" data-variant-regular="line" data-variant-wide="line" data-position="start" style="--spacing:var(--spacing-none)"><div class="prc-PageLayout-DraggableHandle-9s6B4" role="slider" aria-label="Draggable pane splitter" aria-valuemin="256" aria-valuemax="600" aria-valuenow="320" aria-valuetext="Pane width 320 pixels" tabindex="0"></div></div></div></div><div class="prc-PageLayout-ContentWrapper-gR9eG"><div class="prc-PageLayout-Content-xWL-A" data-width="full" style="--spacing:var(--spacing-none)"><div class="SharedPageLayout-module__content__IwGAp" data-selector="repos-split-pane-content" tabindex="0"> <!-- --> <div class="container CodeViewHeader-module__Box__JkPOb"><div class="CodeViewHeader-module__StickyHeader__Qn7UN" id="StickyHeader"><div class="CodeViewHeader-module__Box_1__SbNDV"><div class="CodeViewHeader-module__Box_2__TB46f"><div class="react-code-view-header-wrap--narrow CodeViewHeader-module__Box_3__q1zUL"><div class="CodeViewHeader-module__treeToggleWrapper__RQ__9"><h2 class="use-tree-pane-module__Heading__s4QbZ prc-Heading-Heading-MtWFE"><button data-component="Button" type="button" aria-label="Expand file tree" data-testid="expand-file-tree-button-mobile" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk ExpandFileTreeButton-module__Button_1__Svs95" data-loading="false" data-size="medium" data-variant="invisible"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="leadingVisual" class="prc-Button-Visual-YNt2F prc-Button-VisualWrap-E4cnq"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-arrow-left" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M7.78 12.53a.75.75 0 0 1-1.06 0L2.47 8.28a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06l4.25-4.25a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042L4.81 7h7.44a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5H4.81l2.97 2.97a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06Z"></path></svg></span><span data-component="text" class="prc-Button-Label-FWkx3">Files</span></span></button><button data-component="IconButton" type="button" data-testid="expand-file-tree-button" aria-controls="repos-file-tree" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk position-relative ExpandFileTreeButton-module__expandButton__hDOcv ExpandFileTreeButton-module__filesButtonBreakpoint__zEvz3 fgColor-muted prc-Button-IconButton-fyge7" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="medium" data-variant="invisible" aria-labelledby="_R_2aql3al1d_"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-sidebar-collapse" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M6.823 7.823a.25.25 0 0 1 0 .354l-2.396 2.396A.25.25 0 0 1 4 10.396V5.604a.25.25 0 0 1 .427-.177Z"></path><path d="M1.75 0h12.5C15.216 0 16 .784 16 1.75v12.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 16H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25V1.75C0 .784.784 0 1.75 0ZM1.5 1.75v12.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25H9.5v-13H1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25ZM11 14.5h3.25a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25H11Z"></path></svg></button><span class="prc-TooltipV2-Tooltip-tLeuB" data-direction="se" data-component="Tooltip" aria-hidden="true" id="_R_2aql3al1d_">Expand file tree</span><div class="d-none"></div></h2></div><div class="react-code-view-header-mb--narrow mr-2"><button data-component="Button" type="button" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false" tabindex="0" aria-label="c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459 branch" data-testid="anchor-button" data-icv-name="Switch branches/tags" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk ref-selector-class RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorOverlayBtn__a3WK3" data-loading="false" data-size="medium" data-variant="default" id="ref-picker-repos-header-ref-selector-wide"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="text" class="prc-Button-Label-FWkx3"><div class="RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorOverlayContainer__yaf4p"><div class="RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorOverlayHeader__XtXRG"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-git-branch" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M9.5 3.25a2.25 2.25 0 1 1 3 2.122V6A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 10 8.5H6a1 1 0 0 0-1 1v1.128a2.251 2.251 0 1 1-1.5 0V5.372a2.25 2.25 0 1 1 1.5 0v1.836A2.493 2.493 0 0 1 6 7h4a1 1 0 0 0 1-1v-.628A2.25 2.25 0 0 1 9.5 3.25Zm-6 0a.75.75 0 1 0 1.5 0 .75.75 0 0 0-1.5 0Zm8.25-.75a.75.75 0 1 0 0 1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5ZM4.25 12a.75.75 0 1 0 0 1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5Z"></path></svg></div><div style="max-width:125px" class="ref-selector-button-text-container RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorBtnTextContainer__Di3rk"><span class="RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorText__w_fmP"> <!-- -->c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459</span></div></div></span><span data-component="trailingVisual" class="prc-Button-Visual-YNt2F prc-Button-VisualWrap-E4cnq"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-triangle-down" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="m4.427 7.427 3.396 3.396a.25.25 0 0 0 .354 0l3.396-3.396A.25.25 0 0 0 11.396 7H4.604a.25.25 0 0 0-.177.427Z"></path></svg></span></span></button><div class="d-none"></div></div><div class="react-code-view-header-mb--narrow CodeViewHeader-module__Box_5__MQ0hL"><div class="Breadcrumb-module__container__Vxvev Breadcrumb-module__lg__Rjz0A"><nav data-testid="breadcrumbs" aria-labelledby="repos-header-breadcrumb-heading" id="repos-header-breadcrumb" class="Breadcrumb-module__nav__rQFDj"><h2 class="sr-only ScreenReaderHeading-module__userSelectNone__rwWIk prc-Heading-Heading-MtWFE" data-testid="screen-reader-heading" id="repos-header-breadcrumb-heading">Breadcrumbs</h2><ol class="Breadcrumb-module__list__ZH6zr"><li class="Breadcrumb-module__listItem__Ib0x_"><a class="Breadcrumb-module__repoLink__O2Nbs prc-Link-Link-9ZwDx" data-component="Link" data-testid="breadcrumbs-repo-link" href="/pimutils/vdirsyncer/tree/c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459" data-discover="true">vdirsyncer</a></li></ol></nav><div data-testid="breadcrumbs-filename" class="Breadcrumb-module__filename__equZR"><span class="Breadcrumb-module__separator__eNwsI Breadcrumb-module__lg__Rjz0A" aria-hidden="true">/</span><h1 class="Breadcrumb-module__filenameHeading__MNMtw Breadcrumb-module__lg__Rjz0A prc-Heading-Heading-MtWFE" tabindex="-1" id="file-name-id">LICENSE</h1></div><button data-component="IconButton" type="button" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk ml-2 prc-Button-IconButton-fyge7" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="small" data-variant="invisible" aria-labelledby="_R_3qql3al1d_"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-copy" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M0 6.75C0 5.784.784 5 1.75 5h1.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-1.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h7.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-1.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v1.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 9.25 16h-7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25Z"></path><path d="M5 1.75C5 .784 5.784 0 6.75 0h7.5C15.216 0 16 .784 16 1.75v7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 11h-7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 5 9.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h7.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-7.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path></svg></button><span class="CopyToClipboardButton-module__tooltip__BhMvU prc-TooltipV2-Tooltip-tLeuB" data-direction="nw" data-component="Tooltip" aria-label="Copy path" aria-hidden="true" id="_R_3qql3al1d_">Copy path</span></div></div></div><div class="react-code-view-header-element--wide"><div class="CodeViewHeader-module__Box_7___0R6c"><div class="d-flex gap-2"><div><div class="CodeViewHeader-module__FileResultsList__JDzUy"><span class="d-flex FileResultsList-module__FilesSearchBox__ivVkc TextInput-wrapper prc-components-TextInputWrapper-Hpdqi prc-components-TextInputBaseWrapper-wY-n0" data-component="TextInput" data-leading-visual="true" data-trailing-visual="true" aria-busy="false"><span class="TextInput-icon" id="_R_2pcql3al1d_" aria-hidden="true" data-component="TextInput.LeadingVisual"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-search" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M10.68 11.74a6 6 0 0 1-7.922-8.982 6 6 0 0 1 8.982 7.922l3.04 3.04a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215ZM11.5 7a4.499 4.499 0 1 0-8.997 0A4.499 4.499 0 0 0 11.5 7Z"></path></svg></span><input type="text" aria-label="Go to file" role="combobox" aria-controls="file-results-list" aria-expanded="false" aria-haspopup="dialog" autoCorrect="off" spellCheck="false" placeholder="Go to file" aria-describedby="_R_2pcql3al1d_ _R_2pcql3al1dH1_" data-component="input" class="prc-components-Input-IwWrt" value=""/><span class="TextInput-icon" id="_R_2pcql3al1dH1_" aria-hidden="true" data-component="TextInput.TrailingVisual"></span></span></div><div class="d-none"></div></div><div class="d-none"></div><button data-component="Button" type="button" style="display:none" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk NavigationMenu-module__Button__LpKgm" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="medium" data-variant="default"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="text" class="prc-Button-Label-FWkx3">Blame</span></span></button><div class="d-none"></div><button data-component="IconButton" type="button" data-testid="more-file-actions-button-nav-menu-wide" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false" tabindex="0" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk js-blob-dropdown-click NavigationMenu-module__IconButton__HpX3G prc-Button-IconButton-fyge7" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="medium" data-variant="default" aria-labelledby="_R_ficql3al1d_" id="_R_icql3al1d_"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-kebab-horizontal" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M8 9a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3ZM1.5 9a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Zm13 0a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Z"></path></svg></button><span class="prc-TooltipV2-Tooltip-tLeuB" data-direction="nw" data-component="Tooltip" aria-hidden="true" id="_R_ficql3al1d_">More file actions</span></div></div></div><div class="react-code-view-header-element--narrow"><div class="CodeViewHeader-module__Box_7___0R6c"><div class="d-flex gap-2"><div class="d-none"></div><button data-component="Button" type="button" style="display:none" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk NavigationMenu-module__Button__LpKgm" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="medium" data-variant="default"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="text" class="prc-Button-Label-FWkx3">Blame</span></span></button><div class="d-none"></div><button data-component="IconButton" type="button" data-testid="more-file-actions-button-nav-menu-narrow" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false" tabindex="0" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk js-blob-dropdown-click NavigationMenu-module__IconButton__HpX3G prc-Button-IconButton-fyge7" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="medium" data-variant="default" aria-labelledby="_R_fieql3al1d_" id="_R_ieql3al1d_"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-kebab-horizontal" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M8 9a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3ZM1.5 9a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Zm13 0a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Z"></path></svg></button><span class="prc-TooltipV2-Tooltip-tLeuB" data-direction="nw" data-component="Tooltip" aria-hidden="true" id="_R_fieql3al1d_">More file actions</span></div></div></div></div></div></div></div><div class="CodeView-module__contentWrapper__cG2JH"><div class="react-code-view-bottom-padding"><div class="BlobTopBanners-module__Box__v_nvx"></div></div> <div class="d-flex flex-column border rounded-2 tmp-mb-3 pl-1"><div class="LatestCommit-module__Box__B25ZT"><h2 class="sr-only ScreenReaderHeading-module__userSelectNone__rwWIk prc-Heading-Heading-MtWFE" data-testid="screen-reader-heading">Latest commit</h2><div style="width:120px" class="Skeleton Skeleton--text" data-testid="loading"> </div><div class="d-flex flex-shrink-0 gap-2"><div data-testid="latest-commit-details" class="d-none d-sm-flex flex-items-center"></div><div class="d-flex gap-2"><h2 class="sr-only ScreenReaderHeading-module__userSelectNone__rwWIk prc-Heading-Heading-MtWFE" data-testid="screen-reader-heading">History</h2><a data-component="LinkButton" href="/pimutils/vdirsyncer/commits/c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459/LICENSE" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk d-none d-lg-flex LinkButton-module__linkButton__nFnov flex-items-center fgColor-default" data-loading="false" data-size="small" data-variant="invisible"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="leadingVisual" class="prc-Button-Visual-YNt2F prc-Button-VisualWrap-E4cnq"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-history" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="m.427 1.927 1.215 1.215a8.002 8.002 0 1 1-1.6 5.685.75.75 0 1 1 1.493-.154 6.5 6.5 0 1 0 1.18-4.458l1.358 1.358A.25.25 0 0 1 3.896 6H.25A.25.25 0 0 1 0 5.75V2.104a.25.25 0 0 1 .427-.177ZM7.75 4a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v2.992l2.028.812a.75.75 0 0 1-.557 1.392l-2.5-1A.751.751 0 0 1 7 8.25v-3.5A.75.75 0 0 1 7.75 4Z"></path></svg></span><span data-component="text" class="prc-Button-Label-FWkx3"><span class="fgColor-default">History</span></span></span></a><div class="d-sm-none"></div><div class="d-flex d-lg-none"><a data-component="LinkButton" aria-label="View commit history for this file." href="/pimutils/vdirsyncer/commits/c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459/LICENSE" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk LinkButton-module__linkButton__nFnov flex-items-center fgColor-default" data-loading="false" data-size="small" data-variant="invisible" aria-describedby="_R_2balal3al1d_"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="leadingVisual" class="prc-Button-Visual-YNt2F prc-Button-VisualWrap-E4cnq"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-history" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="m.427 1.927 1.215 1.215a8.002 8.002 0 1 1-1.6 5.685.75.75 0 1 1 1.493-.154 6.5 6.5 0 1 0 1.18-4.458l1.358 1.358A.25.25 0 0 1 3.896 6H.25A.25.25 0 0 1 0 5.75V2.104a.25.25 0 0 1 .427-.177ZM7.75 4a.75.75 0 0 1 .75.75v2.992l2.028.812a.75.75 0 0 1-.557 1.392l-2.5-1A.751.751 0 0 1 7 8.25v-3.5A.75.75 0 0 1 7.75 4Z"></path></svg></span></span></a><span class="prc-TooltipV2-Tooltip-tLeuB" data-direction="s" data-component="Tooltip" role="tooltip" aria-hidden="true" id="_R_2balal3al1d_">History</span></div></div></div></div></div><div class="d-flex flex-row"><div class="container BlobViewContent-module__blobContainer__DtH2d"><div class="react-code-size-details-banner BlobViewContent-module__codeSizeDetails__e5sUw"><div class="react-code-size-details-banner CodeSizeDetails-module__Box__VcD6l"><div class="text-mono CodeSizeDetails-module__Box_1__GVxQL"><div data-testid="blob-size" class="CodeSizeDetails-module__Truncate_1__lE93V prc-Truncate-Truncate-2G1eo" data-inline="true" title="1.56 KB" style="--truncate-max-width:100%"><span>33 lines (27 loc) · 1.56 KB</span></div></div></div></div><div class="react-blob-view-header-sticky BlobViewContent-module__stickyHeader__VwxB5" id="repos-sticky-header"><div class="BlobViewHeader-module__Box__yhm9u"><div class="react-blob-sticky-header"><div class="FileNameStickyHeader-module__outerWrapper__ZL4Xc FileNameStickyHeader-module__outerWrapperHidden__Zpynk"><div class="FileNameStickyHeader-module__Box_1__Hazu5"><div class="FileNameStickyHeader-module__Box_2__hoolP"><div class="FileNameStickyHeader-module__Box_3__MVKsk"><button data-component="Button" type="button" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false" tabindex="0" aria-label="c3262d8 branch" data-testid="anchor-button" data-icv-name="Switch branches/tags" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk ref-selector-class RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorOverlayBtn__a3WK3" data-loading="false" data-size="medium" data-variant="default" id="ref-picker-repos-header-ref-selector"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="text" class="prc-Button-Label-FWkx3"><div class="RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorOverlayContainer__yaf4p"><div class="RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorOverlayHeader__XtXRG"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-git-branch" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M9.5 3.25a2.25 2.25 0 1 1 3 2.122V6A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 10 8.5H6a1 1 0 0 0-1 1v1.128a2.251 2.251 0 1 1-1.5 0V5.372a2.25 2.25 0 1 1 1.5 0v1.836A2.493 2.493 0 0 1 6 7h4a1 1 0 0 0 1-1v-.628A2.25 2.25 0 0 1 9.5 3.25Zm-6 0a.75.75 0 1 0 1.5 0 .75.75 0 0 0-1.5 0Zm8.25-.75a.75.75 0 1 0 0 1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5ZM4.25 12a.75.75 0 1 0 0 1.5.75.75 0 0 0 0-1.5Z"></path></svg></div><div style="max-width:125px" class="ref-selector-button-text-container RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorBtnTextContainer__Di3rk"><span class="RefSelectorAnchoredOverlay-module__RefSelectorText__w_fmP"> <!-- -->c3262d8</span></div></div></span><span data-component="trailingVisual" class="prc-Button-Visual-YNt2F prc-Button-VisualWrap-E4cnq"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-triangle-down" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="m4.427 7.427 3.396 3.396a.25.25 0 0 0 .354 0l3.396-3.396A.25.25 0 0 0 11.396 7H4.604a.25.25 0 0 0-.177.427Z"></path></svg></span></span></button><div class="d-none"></div></div><div class="FileNameStickyHeader-module__Box_4__FLhtt"><div class="Breadcrumb-module__container__Vxvev Breadcrumb-module__md__Wb1Gs"><nav data-testid="breadcrumbs" aria-labelledby="sticky-breadcrumb-heading" id="sticky-breadcrumb" class="Breadcrumb-module__nav__rQFDj"><h2 class="sr-only ScreenReaderHeading-module__userSelectNone__rwWIk prc-Heading-Heading-MtWFE" data-testid="screen-reader-heading" id="sticky-breadcrumb-heading">Breadcrumbs</h2><ol class="Breadcrumb-module__list__ZH6zr"><li class="Breadcrumb-module__listItem__Ib0x_"><a class="Breadcrumb-module__repoLink__O2Nbs prc-Link-Link-9ZwDx" data-component="Link" data-testid="breadcrumbs-repo-link" href="/pimutils/vdirsyncer/tree/c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459" data-discover="true">vdirsyncer</a></li></ol></nav><div data-testid="breadcrumbs-filename" class="Breadcrumb-module__filename__equZR"><span class="Breadcrumb-module__separator__eNwsI Breadcrumb-module__md__Wb1Gs" aria-hidden="true">/</span><h1 class="Breadcrumb-module__filenameHeading__MNMtw Breadcrumb-module__md__Wb1Gs prc-Heading-Heading-MtWFE" tabindex="-1" id="sticky-file-name-id">LICENSE</h1></div></div></div></div><button data-component="Button" type="button" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk FileNameStickyHeader-module__Button__LSEU_ FileNameStickyHeader-module__GoToTopButton__nxAFn" data-loading="false" data-size="small" data-variant="invisible"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="leadingVisual" class="prc-Button-Visual-YNt2F prc-Button-VisualWrap-E4cnq"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-arrow-up" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M3.47 7.78a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06l4.25-4.25a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l4.25 4.25a.751.751 0 0 1-.018 1.042.751.751 0 0 1-1.042.018L9 4.81v7.44a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0V4.81L4.53 7.78a.75.75 0 0 1-1.06 0Z"></path></svg></span><span data-component="text" class="prc-Button-Label-FWkx3">Top</span></span></button></div></div></div><div class="BlobViewHeader-module__Box_1__VEmuQ"><h2 class="sr-only ScreenReaderHeading-module__userSelectNone__rwWIk prc-Heading-Heading-MtWFE" data-testid="screen-reader-heading">File metadata and controls</h2><div class="BlobViewHeader-module__Box_2__icUs2"><ul aria-label="File view" class="prc-SegmentedControl-SegmentedControl-lqIXp BlobTabButtons-module__SegmentedControl__jen2u" data-variant="default" data-size="small"><li class="prc-SegmentedControl-Item-tSCQh" data-selected=""><button aria-current="true" class="prc-SegmentedControl-Button-E48xz" type="button" style="--separator-color:transparent"><span class="prc-SegmentedControl-Content-1COlk segmentedControl-content"><div class="prc-SegmentedControl-Text-7S2y2 segmentedControl-text" data-text="Code">Code</div></span></button></li><li class="prc-SegmentedControl-Item-tSCQh"><button aria-current="false" class="prc-SegmentedControl-Button-E48xz" type="button" style="--separator-color:var(--borderColor-default)"><span class="prc-SegmentedControl-Content-1COlk segmentedControl-content"><div class="prc-SegmentedControl-Text-7S2y2 segmentedControl-text" data-text="Blame">Blame</div></span></button></li></ul><div class="d-none"></div><div class="react-code-size-details-in-header CodeSizeDetails-module__Box__VcD6l"><div class="text-mono CodeSizeDetails-module__Box_1__GVxQL"><div data-testid="blob-size" class="CodeSizeDetails-module__Truncate_1__lE93V prc-Truncate-Truncate-2G1eo" data-inline="true" title="1.56 KB" style="--truncate-max-width:100%"><span>33 lines (27 loc) · 1.56 KB</span></div></div></div></div><div class="BlobViewHeader-module__Box_3__ng6v2"><div class="d-none"></div><div class="react-blob-header-edit-and-raw-actions BlobViewHeader-module__Box_4__J4Y4W"><div class="d-none"></div><div class="prc-ButtonGroup-ButtonGroup-vFUrY"><div><a data-component="LinkButton" href="https://github.com/pimutils/vdirsyncer/raw/c3262d88cc1480d492e33499d04ec8bde245b459/LICENSE" data-testid="raw-button" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk LinkButton-module__linkButton__nFnov BlobViewHeader-module__LinkButton__X9kx2" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="small" data-variant="default"><span data-component="buttonContent" data-align="center" class="prc-Button-ButtonContent-Iohp5"><span data-component="text" class="prc-Button-Label-FWkx3">Raw</span></span></a></div><div><button data-component="IconButton" type="button" data-testid="copy-raw-button" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk prc-Button-IconButton-fyge7" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="small" data-variant="default" aria-labelledby="_R_d5f6clal3al1d_"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-copy" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M0 6.75C0 5.784.784 5 1.75 5h1.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-1.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h7.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-1.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v1.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 9.25 16h-7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25Z"></path><path d="M5 1.75C5 .784 5.784 0 6.75 0h7.5C15.216 0 16 .784 16 1.75v7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 11h-7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 5 9.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h7.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-7.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path></svg></button><span class="prc-TooltipV2-Tooltip-tLeuB" data-direction="n" data-component="Tooltip" aria-hidden="true" id="_R_d5f6clal3al1d_">Copy raw file</span></div><div><button data-component="IconButton" type="button" data-testid="download-raw-button" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk BlobViewHeader-module__downloadButton__ef459 prc-Button-IconButton-fyge7" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="small" data-variant="default" aria-labelledby="_R_75f6clal3al1d_"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-download" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M2.75 14A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 1 12.25v-2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v2.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h10.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v2.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 13.25 14Z"></path><path d="M7.25 7.689V2a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v5.689l1.97-1.969a.749.749 0 1 1 1.06 1.06l-3.25 3.25a.749.749 0 0 1-1.06 0L4.22 6.78a.749.749 0 1 1 1.06-1.06l1.97 1.969Z"></path></svg></button><span class="prc-TooltipV2-Tooltip-tLeuB" data-direction="n" data-component="Tooltip" aria-hidden="true" id="_R_75f6clal3al1d_">Download raw file</span></div></div></div><div class="d-none"></div><button data-component="IconButton" type="button" aria-pressed="false" aria-expanded="false" aria-controls="symbols-pane" data-testid="symbols-button" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk BlobViewHeader-module__IconButton_2__RyjZg prc-Button-IconButton-fyge7" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="small" data-variant="invisible" aria-labelledby="_R_9n6clal3al1d_" id="symbols-button"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-code-square" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M0 1.75C0 .784.784 0 1.75 0h12.5C15.216 0 16 .784 16 1.75v12.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 16H1.75A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v12.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h12.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25V1.75a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Zm7.47 3.97a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0l2 2a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-2 2a.749.749 0 0 1-1.275-.326.749.749 0 0 1 .215-.734L10.69 8 9.22 6.53a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06ZM6.78 6.53 5.31 8l1.47 1.47a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215l-2-2a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06l2-2a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042Z"></path></svg></button><span class="prc-TooltipV2-Tooltip-tLeuB" data-direction="nw" data-component="Tooltip" aria-hidden="true" id="_R_9n6clal3al1d_">Open symbols panel</span><div class="react-blob-header-edit-and-raw-actions-combined"><button data-component="IconButton" type="button" title="More file actions" data-testid="more-file-actions-button" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false" tabindex="0" class="prc-Button-ButtonBase-9n-Xk js-blob-dropdown-click BlobViewHeader-module__IconButton__XrMQY prc-Button-IconButton-fyge7" data-loading="false" data-no-visuals="true" data-size="small" data-variant="invisible" aria-labelledby="_R_7q76clal3al1d_" id="_R_a76clal3al1d_"><svg data-component="Octicon" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="octicon octicon-kebab-horizontal" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" display="inline-block" overflow="visible" style="vertical-align:text-bottom"><path d="M8 9a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3ZM1.5 9a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Zm13 0a1.5 1.5 0 1 0 0-3 1.5 1.5 0 0 0 0 3Z"></path></svg></button><span class="prc-TooltipV2-Tooltip-tLeuB" data-direction="nw" data-component="Tooltip" aria-hidden="true" id="_R_7q76clal3al1d_">Edit and raw actions</span></div></div></div></div><div></div></div><div class="BlobViewContent-module__blobContentWrapper__JS0W6"><section aria-labelledby="file-name-id-wide file-name-id-mobile" class="BlobContent-module__blobContentSection__VOgZq" style="margin-top:46px"><div class="CodeBlob-module__codeBlobWrapper__RS6In" style="padding-top:8px;padding-bottom:8px"><div id="highlighted-line-menu-positioner" class="position-relative"><div id="copilot-button-positioner" class="position-relative"><div class="CodeBlob-module__codeBlobInner__tfjuQ"><div class="react-code-file-contents CodeLinesSSR-module__codeFileContents__ARmAN" role="presentation" aria-hidden="true" data-tab-size="4" data-paste-markdown-skip="true" style="tab-size:4;max-width:unset" data-hpc="true"><div class="react-line-numbers" style="pointer-events:auto"><div data-line-number="1" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">1</div><div data-line-number="2" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">2</div><div data-line-number="3" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">3</div><div data-line-number="4" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">4</div><div data-line-number="5" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">5</div><div data-line-number="6" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">6</div><div data-line-number="7" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">7</div><div data-line-number="8" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">8</div><div data-line-number="9" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">9</div><div data-line-number="10" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">10</div><div data-line-number="11" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">11</div><div data-line-number="12" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">12</div><div data-line-number="13" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">13</div><div data-line-number="14" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">14</div><div data-line-number="15" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">15</div><div data-line-number="16" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">16</div><div data-line-number="17" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">17</div><div data-line-number="18" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">18</div><div data-line-number="19" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">19</div><div data-line-number="20" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">20</div><div data-line-number="21" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">21</div><div data-line-number="22" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">22</div><div data-line-number="23" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">23</div><div data-line-number="24" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">24</div><div data-line-number="25" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">25</div><div data-line-number="26" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">26</div><div data-line-number="27" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">27</div><div data-line-number="28" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">28</div><div data-line-number="29" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">29</div><div data-line-number="30" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">30</div><div data-line-number="31" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">31</div><div data-line-number="32" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">32</div><div data-line-number="33" class="react-line-number react-code-text" style="padding-right:16px">33</div></div><div class="react-code-lines"><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC1" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="1" style="position:relative">Copyright (c) 2014-2020 by Markus Unterwaditzer &amp; contributors. See</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC2" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="2" style="position:relative">AUTHORS.rst for more details.</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC3" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="3" style="position:relative">
</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC4" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="4" style="position:relative">Some rights reserved.</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC5" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="5" style="position:relative">
</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC6" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="6" style="position:relative">Redistribution and use in source and binary forms of the software as well</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC7" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="7" style="position:relative">as documentation, with or without modification, are permitted provided</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC8" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="8" style="position:relative">that the following conditions are met:</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC9" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="9" style="position:relative">
</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC10" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="10" style="position:relative">* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC11" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="11" style="position:relative">  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC12" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="12" style="position:relative">
</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC13" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="13" style="position:relative">* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC14" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="14" style="position:relative">  copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC15" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="15" style="position:relative">  disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC16" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="16" style="position:relative">  with the distribution.</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC17" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="17" style="position:relative">
</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC18" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="18" style="position:relative">* The names of the contributors may not be used to endorse or</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC19" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="19" style="position:relative">  promote products derived from this software without specific</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC20" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="20" style="position:relative">  prior written permission.</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC21" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="21" style="position:relative">
</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC22" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="22" style="position:relative">THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC23" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="23" style="position:relative">CONTRIBUTORS &quot;AS IS&quot; AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC24" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="24" style="position:relative">NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC25" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="25" style="position:relative">A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC26" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="26" style="position:relative">OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC27" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="27" style="position:relative">EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC28" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="28" style="position:relative">PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC29" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="29" style="position:relative">PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC30" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="30" style="position:relative">LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC31" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="31" style="position:relative">NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC32" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="32" style="position:relative">SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH</div></div></div><div class="react-code-text react-code-line-contents" style="min-height:auto"><div><div id="LC33" class="react-file-line html-div" data-testid="code-cell" data-line-number="33" style="position:relative">DAMAGE.</div></div></div></div></div></div><div id="copilot-button-container"></div></div><div id="highlighted-line-menu-container"></div></div></div><div class="d-none"></div></section></div></div></div> </div> <!-- --> </div></div></div></div></div></div><div class="ScrollMarksContainer-module__scrollMarksContainer__Eu7uU" id="find-result-marks-container"></div><div class="d-none"></div><div class="d-none"></div></div> <!-- --> <!-- --> <script type="application/json" id="__PRIMER_DATA__R_1___">{"resolvedServerColorMode":"day"}</script></div>
</react-app>




  </div>

</turbo-frame>

    </main>
  </div>

  </div>

          <footer class="footer tmp-pt-7 tmp-pb-6 f6 color-fg-muted color-border-subtle p-responsive" role="contentinfo" >
  <h2 class='sr-only'>Footer</h2>

  


  <div class="d-flex flex-justify-center flex-items-center flex-column-reverse flex-lg-row flex-wrap flex-lg-nowrap">
    <div class="d-flex flex-items-center flex-shrink-0 mx-2">
      <a aria-label="GitHub Homepage" class="footer-octicon mr-2" href="https://github.com">
        <svg aria-hidden="true" height="24" viewBox="0 0 24 24" version="1.1" width="24" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-mark-github">
    <path d="M10.226 17.284c-2.965-.36-5.054-2.493-5.054-5.256 0-1.123.404-2.336 1.078-3.144-.292-.741-.247-2.314.09-2.965.898-.112 2.111.36 2.83 1.01.853-.269 1.752-.404 2.853-.404 1.1 0 1.999.135 2.807.382.696-.629 1.932-1.1 2.83-.988.315.606.36 2.179.067 2.942.72.854 1.101 2 1.101 3.167 0 2.763-2.089 4.852-5.098 5.234.763.494 1.28 1.572 1.28 2.807v2.336c0 .674.561 1.056 1.235.786 4.066-1.55 7.255-5.615 7.255-10.646C23.5 6.188 18.334 1 11.978 1 5.62 1 .5 6.188.5 12.545c0 4.986 3.167 9.12 7.435 10.669.606.225 1.19-.18 1.19-.786V20.63a2.9 2.9 0 0 1-1.078.224c-1.483 0-2.359-.808-2.987-2.313-.247-.607-.517-.966-1.034-1.033-.27-.023-.359-.135-.359-.27 0-.27.45-.471.898-.471.652 0 1.213.404 1.797 1.235.45.651.921.943 1.483.943.561 0 .92-.202 1.437-.719.382-.381.674-.718.944-.943"></path>
</svg>
</a>
      <span>
        &copy; 2026 GitHub,&nbsp;Inc.
      </span>
    </div>

    <nav aria-label="Footer">
      <h3 class="sr-only" id="sr-footer-heading">Footer navigation</h3>

      <ul class="list-style-none d-flex flex-justify-center flex-wrap mb-2 mb-lg-0" aria-labelledby="sr-footer-heading">


          <li class="mx-2">
            <a data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;go to Terms&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;text:terms&quot;}" href="https://docs.github.com/site-policy/github-terms/github-terms-of-service" data-view-component="true" class="Link--secondary Link">Terms</a>
          </li>

          <li class="mx-2">
            <a data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;go to privacy&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;text:privacy&quot;}" href="https://docs.github.com/site-policy/privacy-policies/github-privacy-statement" data-view-component="true" class="Link--secondary Link">Privacy</a>
          </li>

          <li class="mx-2">
            <a data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;go to security&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;text:security&quot;}" href="https://github.com/security" data-view-component="true" class="Link--secondary Link">Security</a>
          </li>

          <li class="mx-2">
            <a data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;go to status&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;text:status&quot;}" href="https://www.githubstatus.com/" data-view-component="true" class="Link--secondary Link">Status</a>
          </li>

          <li class="mx-2">
            <a data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;go to community&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;text:community&quot;}" href="https://github.community/" data-view-component="true" class="Link--secondary Link">Community</a>
          </li>

          <li class="mx-2">
            <a data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;go to docs&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;text:docs&quot;}" href="https://docs.github.com/" data-view-component="true" class="Link--secondary Link">Docs</a>
          </li>

          <li class="mx-2">
            <a data-analytics-event="{&quot;category&quot;:&quot;Footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;go to contact&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;text:contact&quot;}" href="https://support.github.com?tags=dotcom-footer" data-view-component="true" class="Link--secondary Link">Contact</a>
          </li>

          <li class="mx-2" >
  <cookie-consent-link>
    <button
      type="button"
      class="Link--secondary underline-on-hover border-0 p-0 color-bg-transparent"
      data-action="click:cookie-consent-link#showConsentManagement"
      data-analytics-event="{&quot;location&quot;:&quot;footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;cookies&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;subfooter&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;cookies_link_subfooter_footer&quot;}"
    >
       Manage cookies
    </button>
  </cookie-consent-link>
</li>

<li class="mx-2">
  <cookie-consent-link>
    <button
      type="button"
      class="Link--secondary underline-on-hover border-0 p-0 color-bg-transparent text-left"
      data-action="click:cookie-consent-link#showConsentManagement"
      data-analytics-event="{&quot;location&quot;:&quot;footer&quot;,&quot;action&quot;:&quot;dont_share_info&quot;,&quot;context&quot;:&quot;subfooter&quot;,&quot;tag&quot;:&quot;link&quot;,&quot;label&quot;:&quot;dont_share_info_link_subfooter_footer&quot;}"
    >
      Do not share my personal information
    </button>
  </cookie-consent-link>
</li>

      </ul>
    </nav>
  </div>
</footer>



    <ghcc-consent id="ghcc" class="position-fixed bottom-0 left-0" style="z-index: 999999"
      data-locale="en"
      data-initial-cookie-consent-allowed=""
      data-cookie-consent-required="false"
    ></ghcc-consent>




  <div id="ajax-error-message" class="ajax-error-message flash flash-error" hidden>
    <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-alert">
    <path d="M6.457 1.047c.659-1.234 2.427-1.234 3.086 0l6.082 11.378A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.082 15H1.918a1.75 1.75 0 0 1-1.543-2.575Zm1.763.707a.25.25 0 0 0-.44 0L1.698 13.132a.25.25 0 0 0 .22.368h12.164a.25.25 0 0 0 .22-.368Zm.53 3.996v2.5a.75.75 0 0 1-1.5 0v-2.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0ZM9 11a1 1 0 1 1-2 0 1 1 0 0 1 2 0Z"></path>
</svg>
    <button type="button" class="flash-close js-ajax-error-dismiss" aria-label="Dismiss error">
      <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-x">
    <path d="M3.72 3.72a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0L8 6.94l3.22-3.22a.749.749 0 0 1 1.275.326.749.749 0 0 1-.215.734L9.06 8l3.22 3.22a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L8 9.06l-3.22 3.22a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L6.94 8 3.72 4.78a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg>
    </button>
    You can’t perform that action at this time.
  </div>

    <template id="site-details-dialog">
  <details class="details-reset details-overlay details-overlay-dark lh-default color-fg-default hx_rsm" open>
    <summary role="button" aria-label="Close dialog"></summary>
    <details-dialog class="Box Box--overlay d-flex flex-column anim-fade-in fast hx_rsm-dialog hx_rsm-modal">
      <button class="Box-btn-octicon m-0 btn-octicon position-absolute right-0 top-0" type="button" aria-label="Close dialog" data-close-dialog>
        <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-x">
    <path d="M3.72 3.72a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0L8 6.94l3.22-3.22a.749.749 0 0 1 1.275.326.749.749 0 0 1-.215.734L9.06 8l3.22 3.22a.749.749 0 0 1-.326 1.275.749.749 0 0 1-.734-.215L8 9.06l-3.22 3.22a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042L6.94 8 3.72 4.78a.75.75 0 0 1 0-1.06Z"></path>
</svg>
      </button>
      <div class="octocat-spinner tmp-my-6 js-details-dialog-spinner"></div>
    </details-dialog>
  </details>
</template>

    <div class="Popover js-hovercard-content position-absolute" style="display: none; outline: none;">
  <div class="Popover-message Popover-message--bottom-left Popover-message--large Box color-shadow-large" style="width:360px;">
  </div>
</div>

    <template id="snippet-clipboard-copy-button">
  <div class="zeroclipboard-container position-absolute right-0 top-0">
    <clipboard-copy aria-label="Copy" class="ClipboardButton btn js-clipboard-copy m-2 p-0" data-copy-feedback="Copied!" data-tooltip-direction="w">
      <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-copy js-clipboard-copy-icon m-2 tmp-m-2">
    <path d="M0 6.75C0 5.784.784 5 1.75 5h1.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-1.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h7.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-1.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v1.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 9.25 16h-7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25Z"></path><path d="M5 1.75C5 .784 5.784 0 6.75 0h7.5C15.216 0 16 .784 16 1.75v7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 11h-7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 5 9.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h7.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-7.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path>
</svg>
      <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-check js-clipboard-check-icon color-fg-success d-none m-2 tmp-m-2">
    <path d="M13.78 4.22a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-7.25 7.25a.75.75 0 0 1-1.06 0L2.22 9.28a.751.751 0 0 1 .018-1.042.751.751 0 0 1 1.042-.018L6 10.94l6.72-6.72a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0Z"></path>
</svg>
    </clipboard-copy>
  </div>
</template>
<template id="snippet-clipboard-copy-button-unpositioned">
  <div class="zeroclipboard-container">
    <clipboard-copy aria-label="Copy" class="ClipboardButton btn btn-invisible js-clipboard-copy m-2 p-0 d-flex flex-justify-center flex-items-center" data-copy-feedback="Copied!" data-tooltip-direction="w">
      <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-copy js-clipboard-copy-icon">
    <path d="M0 6.75C0 5.784.784 5 1.75 5h1.5a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.5h-1.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h7.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-1.5a.75.75 0 0 1 1.5 0v1.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 9.25 16h-7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 0 14.25Z"></path><path d="M5 1.75C5 .784 5.784 0 6.75 0h7.5C15.216 0 16 .784 16 1.75v7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 14.25 11h-7.5A1.75 1.75 0 0 1 5 9.25Zm1.75-.25a.25.25 0 0 0-.25.25v7.5c0 .138.112.25.25.25h7.5a.25.25 0 0 0 .25-.25v-7.5a.25.25 0 0 0-.25-.25Z"></path>
</svg>
      <svg aria-hidden="true" height="16" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" data-view-component="true" class="octicon octicon-check js-clipboard-check-icon color-fg-success d-none">
    <path d="M13.78 4.22a.75.75 0 0 1 0 1.06l-7.25 7.25a.75.75 0 0 1-1.06 0L2.22 9.28a.751.751 0 0 1 .018-1.042.751.751 0 0 1 1.042-.018L6 10.94l6.72-6.72a.75.75 0 0 1 1.06 0Z"></path>
</svg>
    </clipboard-copy>
  </div>
</template>




    </div>
    <div id="js-global-screen-reader-notice" class="sr-only mt-n1" aria-live="polite" aria-atomic="true" ></div>
    <div id="js-global-screen-reader-notice-assertive" class="sr-only mt-n1" aria-live="assertive" aria-atomic="true"></div>
  </body>
</html>

----------------------------------------

Package: wcwidth
License: MIT
Requires: n/a
Author: Jeff Quast <contact@jeffquast.com>
Home page: https://github.com/jquast/wcwidth

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Jeff Quast <contact@jeffquast.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Markus Kuhn -- 2007-05-26 (Unicode 5.0)

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software
for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted. The author
disclaims all warranties with regard to this software.

----------------------------------------

Package: yarl
License: Apache-2.0
Requires: idna, multidict, propcache
Author: Andrew Svetlov <andrew.svetlov@gmail.com>
Home page: https://github.com/aio-libs/yarl

Apache License
                           Version 2.0, January 2004
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/

   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

   1. Definitions.

      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.

      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
      exercising permissions granted by this License.

      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation
      source, and configuration files.

      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
      and conversions to other media types.

      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.

   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
      as of the date such litigation is filed.

   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
      meet the following conditions:

      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
          stating that You changed the files; and

      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
          the Derivative Works; and

      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
          as modifying the License.

      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
      the conditions stated in this License.

   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
      identification within third-party archives.

   Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

----------------------------------------

End of 'THIRDPARTYLICENSES' generated by Python third_party_license_generator at 2026-05-03 14:34:28.817144
